0 goldberg offers everything i look for in a general practitioner.
0 he's nice and easy to talk to without being patronizing; he's always on time in seeing his patients; he's affiliated with a top-notch hospital (nyu) which my parents have explained to me is very important in case something happens and you need surgery; and you can get referrals to see specialists without having to see him first.
0 really, what more do you need?
0 i'm sitting here trying to think of any complaints i have about him, but i'm really drawing a blank.
0 unfortunately, the frustration of being dr.
-11 goldberg's patient is a repeat of the experience i've had with so many other doctors in nyc -- good doctor, terrible staff.
-10 it seems that his staff simply never answers the phone.
-10 it usually takes 2 hours of repeated calling to get an answer.
-10 who has time for that or wants to deal with it?
0 i have run into this problem with many other doctors and i just don't get it.
-11 you have office workers, you have patients with medical needs, why isn't anyone answering the phone?
0 it's incomprehensible and not work the aggravation.
0 it's with regret that i feel that i have to give dr.
0 goldberg 2 stars.
0 goldberg has been my doctor for years and i like him.
0 i've found his office to be fairly efficient.
0 today i actually got to see the doctor a few minutes early!
0 he seems very engaged with his patients and his demeanor is friendly, yet authoritative.
0 i'm glad to have dr.
0 goldberg as my doctor.
0 been going to dr.
0 goldberg for over 10 years.
0 i think i was one of his 1st patients when he started at mhmg.
0 he's been great over the years and is really all about the big picture.
0 it is because of him, not my now former gyn dr.
0 markoff, that i found out i have fibroids.
11 he explores all options with you and is very patient and understanding.
0 he doesn't judge and asks all the right questions.
0 very thorough and wants to be kept in the loop on every aspect of your medical health and your life.
0 got a letter in the mail last week that said dr.
0 goldberg is moving to arizona to take a new position there in june.
0 he will be missed very much.
0 i think finding a new doctor in nyc that you actually like might almost be as awful as trying to find a date!
0 i don't know what dr.
0 goldberg was like before  moving to arizona, but let me tell you, stay away from this doctor and this office.
0 i was going to dr.
0 johnson before he left and goldberg took over when johnson left.
0 he is not a caring doctor.
0 he is only interested in the co-pay and having you come in for medication refills every month.
0 he will not give refills and could less about patients's financial situations.
0 trying to get your 90 days mail away pharmacy prescriptions through this guy is a joke.
-11 and to make matters even worse, his office staff is incompetent.
0 90% of the time when you call the office, they'll put you through to a voice mail, that no one ever answers or returns your call.
0 both my adult children and husband have decided to leave this practice after experiencing such frustration.
-11 the entire office has an attitude like they are doing you a favor.
0 give me a break!
0 stay away from this doc and the practice.
0 you deserve better and they will not be there when you really need them.
0 i have never felt compelled to write a bad review about anyone until i met this pathetic excuse for a doctor who is all about the money.
0 top notch doctor in a top notch practice.
0 can't say i am surprised when i was referred to him by another doctor who i think is wonderful and because he went to one of the best medical schools in the country.
0 it is really easy to get an appointment.
0 there is minimal wait to be seen and his bedside manner is great.
0 eric goldberg is a fantastic doctor who has correctly diagnosed every issue that my wife and i have had.
0 unlike many of my past doctors, dr.
0 goldberg is very accessible and we have been able to schedule appointments with him and his staff very quickly.
0 we are happy to have him in the neighborhood and look forward to being his patients for many years to come.
0 i'm writing this review to give you a heads up before you see this doctor.
-11 the office staff and administration are very unprofessional.
-11 i left a message with multiple people regarding my bill, and no one ever called me back.
0 i had to hound them to get an answer about my bill.
0 second, and most important, make sure your insurance is going to cover dr.
0 goldberg's visits and blood work.
0 he recommended to me that i get a physical, and he knew i was a student because i told him.
0 i got the physical done.
0 later, i found out my health insurance doesn't pay for preventative visits.
0 i received an $800.00 bill for the blood work.
0 i can't pay for my bill because i'm a student and don't have any cash flow at this current time.
0 i can't believe the doctor wouldn't give me a heads up to make sure my insurance would cover work that wasn't necessary and was strictly preventative.
0 the office can't do anything to help me cover the bill.
0 in addition, the office staff said the onus is on me to make sure my insurance covers visits.
0 frustrating situation!
0 i love dr.
0 goldberg.
0 best doctor i've ever had, and i've had a bunch after moving around a lot in the past 25 years.
0 good listener, friendly & straightforward.
0 always presents options and takes a "let's try the least extreme course" first.
11 office staff has improved tremendously since dr.
0 johnson left.
0 highest recommendation.
15 all the food is great here.
15 but the best thing they have is their wings.
15 their wings are simply fantastic!!
0 the "wet cajun" are by the best & most popular.
15 i also like the seasoned salt wings.
13 wing night is monday & wednesday night, $0.75 whole wings!the dining area is nice.
6 very family friendly!
0 the bar is very nice is well.
0 this place is truly a yinzer's dream!!
0 "pittsburgh dad" would love this place n'at!
0 we checked this place out this past monday for their wing night.
0 we have heard that their wings are great and decided it was finally time to check it out.
15 their wings are whole wings and crispy, which is a nice change of pace.
0 i got their wet cajun sauce and garlic butter wings.
0 the cajun did not have a bold enough flavor for me and their sauce is too thin.
0 the sauce was also thin for the garlic butter, but that is more expected.
0 they were better than average, but i don't like seeing all the sauce resting at the bottom of the boat.
0 i would definitely come try this place out again to sample some of the other items on the menu, but this will probably not become a regular stop for wings anytime soon.
0 wing sauce is like water.
0 pretty much a lot of butter and some hot sauce (franks red hot maybe).
-13 the whole wings are good size and crispy, but for $1 a wing the sauce could be better.
0 the hot and extra hot are about the same flavor/heat.
12 the fish sandwich is good and is a large portion, sides are decent.
13 cold cheap beer.
15 good bar food.
11 good service.
0 looking for a great pittsburgh style fish sandwich, this is the place to go.
15 the breading is light, fish is more than plentiful and a good side of home cut fries.
15 good grilled chicken salads or steak.
0 soup of day is homemade and lots of specials.
0 great place for lunch or bar snacks and beer.
0 decent range somewhat close to the city.
0 the mats are pretty solid; however, the grass range needs to be tended too.
0 it's like hitting out of us open type rough...not very amenable to practicing.
0 which kind of defeats the purpose of going to a golf range...still gets 3 stars because the range is lit up at night which is excellent for those of us who are addicted to this amazing game, but are somewhat short on time (having a job kinda sucks sometimes, no?
0 owning a driving range inside the city limits is like a license to print money.
0 i don't think i ask much out of a driving range.
0 decent mats, clean balls and accessible hours.
0 hell you need even less people now with the advent of the machine that doles out the balls.
0 this place has none of them.
0 it is april and there are no grass tees yet.
0 btw they opened for the season this week although it has been golfing weather for a month.
0 the mats look like the carpet at my 107 year old aunt irene's house.
0 worn and thread bare.
0 let's talk about the hours.
0 this place is equipped with lights yet they only sell buckets of balls until 730.  it is still light out.
0 finally lets you have the pit to hit into.
0 when i arrived i wasn't sure if this was a driving range or an excavation site for a mastodon or a strip mining operation.
0 there is no grass on the range.
0 just mud.
0 makes it a good tool to figure out how far you actually are hitting the ball.
-1 oh, they are cash only also.bottom line, this place sucks.
-11 the best hope is that the owner sells it to someone that actually wants to make money and service golfers in pittsburgh.
0 this place is absolute garbage...  half of the tees are not available, including all the grass tees.
-1 it is cash only, and they sell the last bucket at 8, despite having lights.
0 and if you finish even a minute after 8, don't plan on getting a drink.
-11 the vending machines are sold out (of course) and they sell drinks inside, but close the drawers at 8 on the dot.
0 there are weeds grown all over the place.
0 i noticed some sort of batting cage, but it looks like those are out of order as well.
0 someone should buy this place and turn it into what it should be.
0 before i finally made it over to this range i heard the same thing from most people - it's just fine to go work on your swing.
0 i had such a low expectation i was pleasantly surprised.
0 it's a fairly big range - if you are familiar with scally's in moon, it seems like it has almost as many tees, though its not nearly as nice a facility.
11 the guys in the pro shop were two of the friendlier guys i've come across at ranges or at courses.
0 yards were indeed marked and there are some targets to aim for, and even some hazards to aim away from.
0 a big red flag to me was the extra charge ($3) to hit off the grass.
0 i am no range expert, but this is the 4th one i've been to and the first i've seen of that sort of nickel and diming....price for the golf balls was reasonable and i do plan to be back every week until they close up in october for the season.
0 hopefully, since its for sale, it will reopen as a golf facility again.
0 i drove by yesterday to get a sneak peak.
0 it re-opens on july 14th and i can't wait to take my kids.
0 the new range looks amazing.
0 the entire range appears to be turf, which may or many not help your game, but it looks really nice.
0 the tee boxes look state of the art and the club house looks like something you'll see on a newer course.
0 can't wait to experience it!
0 thank you rob!
11 i truly appreciated all the help i received from this agent today who was able to removed the extra charges on my bill that the pasadena verizon store on lake was charging me on my bill for upgrading my phone.
0 when i went in i was having problems with my blacberry and had to switch to the iphone last week.
0 rob from the pennsylvania store who i was connected today was able to look at my bill and all the notes and correct the problem immediately.
11 great customer service!
11 he even set up a follow up phone call with me on july 5th to make sure the credit goes through on my bill...i can't thank him enough!!!
-10 after waiting for almost 30 minutes to trade in an old phone part of the buy back program, our customer service rep incorrectly processed the transaction.
-10 this led to us waiting another 30 minutes for him to correct it.
-11 don't visit this store if you want pleasant or good service.
0 i visited this store several months ago to simply ask about smartphone plans.
11 the agent was pleasant and helpful.
0 i would recommend a visit to this store.
15 this place was delicious!!
6 my parents saw a recommendation to visit this place from rick sebak's "25 things i like about pittsburgh" and he's usually pretty accurate.
0 his recommendations were to try the reuben, fish sandwich and open-faced steak sandwich.
0 we went early afternoon for a late lunch today (a saturday) and were seated right away.
11 the staff is extremely friendly.
6 my mom & i each had the fish sandwich, while my dad & brother had a reuben sandwich.
15 the fish was very good, but the reuben was to die for!
12 both dishes were massive, and could very easily be shared between two people.
13 on top of being extremely large portions, it was incredibly affordable.
13 the giant fish sandwich was $8 and the giant reuben was $7.50.
11 our drinks were always filled and we were checked on several times during the meal.
0 we will definitely be back!!!
-1 oh and a bit of advice ahead of time - they take cash only.
0 so come prepared, but i'm pretty sure i saw an atm there as well.
0 and i do believe they are closed on sundays & mondays.
0 can't miss stop for the best fish sandwich in pittsburgh.
0 this place should have a lot more reviews - but i'm glad it doesn't, they don't need to get any busier.its been there ages, and looks it.
0 if you're all about ambiance, don't bother.
0 if you pretend you're in a movie set in pittsburgh 30 years ago it works pretty well.
0 the service is sometimes hit or miss.
0 most of girls are good, one is very slow, one is amazing.
11 they are all friendly and usually a few different people will check in to make sure that you're happy.
-10 everything is made fresh so be prepared that nothing comes flying out of that kitchen - busy times it can take a good while to get food.
15 the food is awesome!
0 worth any little complaints i might think up before it gets there.
15 once its on the table, i forget them all.-fish sandwiich-salmon (huge and delicious)-flounder-shrimp a few ways ("norfolk" style is oily for my taste, and i never had it growing up in norfolk.
15 )-hawkins st special-prime rib (sized for two, watch it)the prices are low, the portions are large, and just about everything on the menu  is delicious.
13 i'm not one to pick a place because they give you a lot of food, but if you like a good value and don't want to compromise on taste, this place is a gem.
0 this place was very good.
0 i found out about emil's when watching a show called "25 things i love about pittsburgh" on wqed hosted by rick seback.
0 this place ain't a luxurious restaurant...it's a beer & a shot bar / lounge.
11 but the people are friendly & the food is good.
15 i had the fish sandwich which was great.
0 it ain't in a great part of town, rankin, but i've been in worse places!!
0 try this place.
15 old school.....traditional "mom 'n pop" quality and perfection.
15 the best fish and chips you'll ever enjoy and equally superb fried shrimp.
0 a great out of the way, non-corporate, vestige of americana.
0 you will love it.
0 seen this restaurant on 25 best places in pittsburgh with rick sebackack.
0 went there with my girlfriend she grew up with the owner.
13 she's very nice all employees are super nice service was excellent i had the fish sandwich my girlfriend had the ruben more than you could possibly eat very reasonable prices.
12 going back to try the burgers  i heard there enormous and very tasty.
15 wonderful reuben.
0 map shown on yelp page is incorrect.
0 it is actually a different hawkins.
0 i'd recommend a call for directions 412-271-9911.
15 good fish sandwich.
0 after a morning of thrift store hunting, a friend and i were thinking of lunch, and he suggested emil's after he'd seen chris sebak do a bit on it and had tried it a time or two before, and i had not.
0 he said they had a decent reuben, but to be prepared to step back in time.well, seeing as how i'm kind of addicted to late 40's and early 50's, and the whole rat pack scene, stepping back in time is a welcomed change in da burgh...as long as it doesn't involve 1979, which i can see all around me every day.and yet another shot at finding a decent reuben in da burgh...well, that's like hunting the holy grail.
0 so looking under one more bush certainly wouldn't hurt.so off we go right at lunchtime in the middle of...where exactly were we?
0 at first i thought we were lost, driving around a handful of very rather dismal looking blocks in what looked like a neighborhood that had been blighted by the building of a highway.
0 and then...aha!
0 and yep, there it was.
0 this little unassuming building with an add-on entrance with what looked like a very old hand painted sign stating quite simply 'emil's.
0 we walked in the front door, and entered another world.
0 another time, and another place.
0 oh, and any big burrito/sousa foodies might as well stop reading now.
0 i wouldn't want to see you walk in, roll your eyes and say 'reaaaaaalllly?
0 'this is about as old world bar/lounge/restaurant as it gets.
0 plain, with a dark wood bar on one side, plain white walls with no yinzer pics, good sturdy chairs and actual white linens on the tables.
0 this is the kind of neighborhood dive that i could see frank and dino pulling a few tables together for some poker, a fish sammich, and some cheap scotch.
0 and that is exactly what i love.oh...but good food counts too.
0 we each had a reuben, and my friend had a side of fries.
0 the reubens were decent, but not ny awesome.
0 a little too thick on the bread, but overall, tasty and definitely filling.
0 not too skimpy on the meat.
0 i seriously crave a true, good ny reuben, but since i can't afford to travel right now, what i find in da burgh will have to do.
0 but as we sat and ate, burgers came out to an adjoining table.
12 those were some big thick burgers.
0 a steak went past for the table behind us.
12 that was huge!
13 and when we asked about it, the waitress said 'yeah, it's huge and really good, and he only charges $12.99 for it, ain't that nuts?'
0 another table of five came in, and wham.
0 fish sandwiches piled with breaded fish that looked amazing.
0 yeah, i want that, that, that and that!my friend also mentioned that they have a chicken parm special one day of the week that is only served until 4 pm, and that it is fantastic.
0 if only i could get there on that week day before 4...the waitress did a good job, especially since there was quite a growing crowd at lunchtime on a saturday, and only one of her.
11 she kept up and was very friendly.
0 they only have pepsi products, so i had a brewed iced tea, which was very fresh, and she did pop by to ask about refills as often as she could.
0 as the lunch hour went on, they were getting busy.emil's is no frills, good portions, very reasonable prices, very comfortable neighborhood hole in the wall...kind of like cheers, but in a blue collar neighborhood in the 1950's.
15 fan-freakin-tastic!
0 i could feel at home here.you definitely want to hit mapquest or plug in your gps though.
0 i am not sure that i could find it again on my own...it really is a hidden gem.
0 i will be making my friend take me back until i can memorize where the heck it is.addendum: 2nd visit for the fish sandwich.
15 excellent.
0 truly.
12 a pound of fish on a fish-shaped bun (as opposed to da burgh's seemingly popular hamburger bun).
13 the fish was flavorful, the batter excellent, and for just $8.
15 this may have been the best fish sandwich i've yet to have in da burgh.
0 this is a hidden gem, no really.
0 it took us forever to find but well worth it.
0 it is right across the street from the rankin police station.
0 the menu has a wide selection, i really couldn't decide what i wanted but i went with the ribeye sandwich.
0 i'm glad i did too.
12 huge sandwich!
15 i added mushrooms, it was very flavorful.
15 my boyfriend got the fish sandwich, he enjoyed it as well.
10 fast and friendly service.
0 will definitely be back.
0 this would be my local haunt, if i were ever to relocate to the pittsburgh area.
0 what a great little place!
11 such friendly staff, and some damn good eats!
0 it was so great, that we actually went there twice during our 4-day vacation to catch the steelers/ravens game.
0 they have daily sandwich specials.
13 on thursday night we went and had the special roast beef and cheese sand., and the .35 cent wings.
15 very, very tasty.
0 i'm sorry, but this place kicks primanti bros.
0 butt on the taste factor.
0 they have about 8 different types of wings...
0 reg., garlic, and i can't remember the rest - we got the regular, and i was wishing we would had ordered more.going back on a friday night, we ordered the buffalo chicken pizza and a pepperoni n' mushroom.
0 wow!
15 that buffalo chicken pizza was awesome.the other thing that stuck out for me was one of the customers.
0 an older gentleman; he seemed to be a regular.
0 i really, really wanted his spam t-shirt.
0 a great townie bar with tasty food and an interesting clientele.
0 i went to check this place out on the way home from the airport one friday night and it didn't disappoint.
0 it is refreshing to walk into a townie bar and not feel like the music stops and everyone in the place is staring at you - i'm guessing the mixed crowd of older hockey fans, young men in collared shirts, and thirtysomethings have probably seen it all during their time at this place.
11 the staff was top notch - the orders were somewhat overwhelming as they appeared short-staffed for the night, but my waitress tried to keep a positive attitude for my entire visit.
12 the other waiter was wearing a hooded cardigan, and i wanted to steal it from him due to my difficulty in finding such a quality article of clothing.we ordered a white pizza - large in size, engulfed in cheese, full of garlic flavor, flavorful hot sausage.
0 an overall delicious pizza, aside from 2 things: 1, way too much grease (i know this comes with the territory, but still, it is sometimes unbearable); 2, canned mushrooms - the worst thing to come out of a can.
0 ever.
0 i would rather eat canned alpo than canned mushrooms.
0 and if the mushrooms weren't canned, they were just the worst mushrooms i've ever consumed.
0 the mushroom debacle is enough to lower the review by an entire star - disgusting!my advice for the place is keep everything awesome - random music from the jukebox, tasty food, great prices, good crowd and staff - and get some decent mushrooms; why they spoil an otherwise above average pie with such inferior crap, i'll never know.
0 alexion's has been around forever.
0 the first time i went in there, i was 19 years old on summer break from college and working at the ice cream factory up the hill.
0 all of the union guys from the ice cream factory went in there after work, and i immediately found out why.
0 many, many years later, i stopped in there with some fond memories, and once again felt welcomed and valued as a customer, even though they didn't know who i was.
15 the sandwiches are done pittsburgh-style, sort of like primanti's, and they are as perfect today as they were back in ancient times when i first started visiting the place.
0 alexion's is a clean and peaceful little place in the rook station part of green tree, the oldest part of the town.
0 i recall that some of the sandwiches i got there were ordered at a pretty late hour.
0 nothing but good things to say about the place, and i wish it was closer to home!
13 good for cheap drinks and wings, they offer daily specials which is nice.
11 doesnt look like much from outside but the inside is friendly enough, the bartenders have been there for awhile and do a good job.
0 dont expect to have a huge selection of alcohol.
15 their wings are good as are their salads.
0 if you are gluten free this is not your place...lots of fried food and sandwiches.
0 offers a quick lunch.
0 what a cool bar/restaurant.. i will no doubt be visiting again.
13 the service and prices were great.. and the restrooms were clean.
15 i had the buffalo chicken sandwich and it was delicious.
0 the menu consists of typical bar food food, however; theres a few different items on there which stand out on the menu..a cool bar off the beaten path that is a worth a trip.
0 cheers !
0 awesome drink specials during happy hour.
15 fantastic wings that are crispy and delicious, wing night on tuesday and thursday!
0 good beer selection.
-11 understaffed for a light monday night crowd, it wasn't her fault she was the only server.
-10 but it took about an hour to get our sandwiches.
15 mine was one of the best reubens i've ever had.
0 grew up near here.
0 the family would always go once a month.
0 haven't stopped in for a few years until last friday with a few friends to grab a drink.
15 the sandwiches are always amazing just as i remember.
11 the staff is amazing and friendly.
0 great place for lunch as well.
-11 very disappointed in the customer service.
0 we ordered reuben's  and wanted coleslaw instead of kraut.
0 they charged us $3.00 for the coleslaw.
0 we will not be back .
-15 the iced tea is also terrible tasting.
0 let there be no question: alexions owns the best cheeseburger in the region and they have now for decades.
0 try a burger on italian bread.
11 the service is flawlessly friendly, the food is amazing, and the wings?
15 oh the wings... but it's still about the cheeseburger.
0 the atmosphere is inviting, but you can't eat atmosphere... so go right now.
15 grab the car keys... you know you're hungry for an amazing cheeseburger, maybe some wings, and a cold beer!
0 easily, hands down, the best bar and grill in pittsburgh.
0 the sandwiches, the wings, enough said.
0 alexions can best be described as a home-style primantis before they went mega commercial.
0 you really can't go wrong, but for my money, i would put alexions fish sandwich up with the best i've had.
0 that's not to take away from other selections, but if you come here i recommend not leaving until you've had either the fish sandwich, reuben, or wings.
0 you'll know you're in a pittsburgh bar when you walk in.
0 for someone who lives in atlanta now and only makes it to pittsburgh a few times a year, i have to say it is refreshing.
0 feels like home.
0 i haven't had a trip back without making it out to alexions at least once.
0 we met a couple of friends there on a friday afternoon about 440 pm, based on the yelp reviews.
0 i've relied on yelp in over a dozen different cities, never came away with anything less than a positive experience until today.
0 we ordered within 5 minutes of sitting down, there couldn't have been more than 20 people in the place, counting the people on the patio.
-10 took them almost 40 minutes to serve 3 sandwiches and a salad.
0 i tried the fish sandwich, came out fried extra crispy on the ends, if there is such a thing as fish jerky a third of the sandwich would have qualified, it was just ok.
0 i've had better at almost any church that fries fish during lent.
0 all 3 of my dinner companions left partial sandwiches  or salad uneaten.
0 bread french fries and onion rings were good though.
0 iced tea was good, though i've never seen a place dispense sweet n low like they were giving away their last rock of crack.
-11 asked for sugar but never saw any, they don't carry any other artificial sweeteners besides the pink stuff.i may give the place another try in the future for a reuben or hamburger, assuming today was some aberration possibly due to a cook having a family emergency or something like that.
11 waitress was pretty good, held up under my multiple requests to find out if they caught my fish yet, hardly ever rolled her eyes :)
0 used to go there for tires, brakes, etc.
0 their prices have gone way up-$400 for 4 mid-level tires for a toyota.
0 plus, 1 of the new tires went flat within 3 weeks.
-9 since they don"t make appointments,  the wait to get the tire looked at was ~2 hours.
-10 sorry--can't wait that long to get a warranted repair,  they lost my business for good.
0 i got 'new' tires from them and within two weeks got a flat.
0 i took my car to a local mechanic to see if i could get the hole patched, but they said the reason i had a flat was because the previous patch had blown - wait, what?
0 i just got the tire and never needed to have it patched?
0 this was supposed to be a new tire.
0 i took the tire over to flynn's and they told me that someone punctured my tire, then tried to patch it.
0 so there are resentful tire slashers?
0 i find that very unlikely.
0 after arguing with the guy and telling him that his logic was far fetched he said he'd give me a new tire "this time".
-11 i will never go back to flynn's b/c of the way this guy treated me and the simple fact that they gave me a used tire!
0 terrible.
0 preordered my tires and when i arrived they couldn't find the order anywhere.
-10 once we got through that process i waited over 2 hours for them to be put on... i was originally told it would take 30 mins.
-13 slow, over priced, i'll go elsewhere next time.
11 contrary to other reviews, i have zero complaints about the service or the prices.
0 i have been getting tire service here for the past 5 years now, and compared to my experience with places like pep boys, these guys are experienced and know what they're doing.
0 also, this is one place that i do not feel like i am being taken advantage of, just because of my gender.
0 other auto mechanics have been notorious for capitalizing on my ignorance of cars, and have sucked my bank account dry.
0 but here, my service and road coverage has all been well explained - and let up to me to decide.
0 and they just renovated the waiting room.
0 it looks a lot better than it did in previous years.
0 last summer i had an appointment to get new tires and had to wait a super long time.
0 i also went in this week for them to fix a minor problem with a tire they put on.
0 they "fixed" it for free, and the very next morning i had the same issue.
-11 i called to complain, and the "manager" didn't even apologize!!!
0 so frustrated.
0 never going back.
-13 they seem overpriced, too.
0 most random location for a mini golf course ever.
0 this is old school.
0 it's built into the woods (spray yourself for bugs first) right off forsythe rd near carnegie park.
0 the candy hut is fun to spend your spare change.
0 they recently re-carpeted the holes and added a few gimmicks that weren't there before.
0 it won't knock your socks off, but if you're local, give it a try!
0 this quaint mini golf course is one of the oldest, yet most original and fun locations that i have yet visited.
0 coming from texas, it was nice to see a course located amongst the hilly and woody pennsylvanian terrain.
0 it can be frustrating that it is literally impossible to make a hole-in-one on most every hole and that the course also makes it extremely difficult to predict the direction on how the ball will follow through and bounce.
0 the cartoon-like outrageousness of the course proved to give laughs and a fun attempt to play.
0 improvements were being made and i will look forward to returning on my next visit to the pittsburgh area.
0 i enjoy traveling and visiting new courses and the only reason why i didn't give this location 5 stars is because it was impossible to intuitively shoot the ball for a best effort to beat par.
0 i think this place is closed.
-11 their number is out of service, sign is gone and the course has not been maintained.
0 awesome woodsy mess of a course though!
0 i've been informed by a fellow yelper that they are just closed for the season, i hope they're right!
0 i find it strange they don't keep their phone number in service with a recording and that they didn't cover the course up to protect it from weather, vandalism, etc.
0 either way, i can't wait to get my game on in the spring!
0 don't waste your time.
0 we had two different people come to our house to give us estimates for a deck (one of them the owner).
-11 both times, we never heard from them.
-11 not a call, not the estimate, nothing.
0 i will start by saying we have a nice new deck.
0 that is where the good part ends.why two stars if we have a nice deck now?
0 well, it all started in may when we had a man named al come out and talk to us about the process.
0 he was a true salesman, i'll tell you that.
0 not a straight shooter, but an excited salesman that wanted to sell... and we bought into it.he told us they were backed up with the harsh winter and a lot of jobs, but they could probably start by june 24th.
0 mind you, this was the end of may we met with him.
0 he said they would have to do a survey of our land and get a permit from dormont before they started.
0 we felt confident in going with them, and booked it.here's where things fell apart.
-10 weeks went by with no word from them on the process.
0 finally i called and left messages.
0 al finally got in touch with me and the conversation was utterly confusing.
0 he must have not understood me because he just kept talking in circles.
0 so i hung up not knowing what was going on.
0 finally i called back and the admin told me that the survey could take a couple weeks to come back.
0 i wish al would have told us that.so our june 24th date came and went.
0 we finally got our survey.
0 and they were quick to bill us for it, but no word on where we were in the process.
0 i called back a couple times with no real answers from the admin.
0 apparently they were now waiting for the permit from dormont.a month later, i was frustrated and asked to speak with someone at the company.
0 i spoke with someone who told me that dormont usually takes a week to process the permit, but we were now going on a month.
0 he told me he would bug the guy about it and we finally got it.
0 i completely understand that waiting on the permit is not their fault, but why no communication about it?
0 just call me and tell me they're waiting for the permit, but they'll work towards asking dormont what the hold up is.
0 seems simple.finally we get the permit and work is supposed to start.
0 tuesday comes and they have to wait for approval from dormont on holes they're digging.
-11 so holes are dug and equipment is put in my backyard and then nothing happens for two days.
0 where did everyone go?
0 who knows, because i wasn't informed!
0 i was upset and contacted the company owner, dave, by email.
0 i told him how frustrated i was about the lack of communication.
0 he wrote me two sentences that  said "there will be acres there tomorrow morning to finish and most will be done tomorrow."
-10 well, that didn't happen.then two other dudes show up two days later and did work for about three hours and left.
0 the main guy comes back the next day and says they did it wrong.
0 so apparently the part about how they wouldn't need access to my house changes to they're drilling bolts into my house to secure the deck.
-10 finally, the second week into construction, my tiny 10x11 foot deck is done.
-11 it was upsetting that they left the deck dirty, and all the dirt and cement they moved around wasn't cleaned up.
0 i even asked them to fill all the holes they dug up and didn't use, and they only filled up one.
0 when you create a construction project, isn't it just good business to clean it up and make it look nice?
0 didn't happen here.my main point is, contractors have a reputation for not being the most trustworthy.
0 why be that company?
0 why not be an upstanding company that consumers can trust?
-11 my main issues with them were that things were not communicated to me properly up front, nor was the ongoing process communicated to me.
0 then they left everything unfinished in my eyes, leaving the site dirty.
0 i understand things happen and things get delayed, but just email or call me.
0 it's not that hard to keep me updated, it is 2014 with a million ways to be contacted.even though i have a nice deck (after i clean things up myself!
0 ), i would not recommend them to anyone.
0 when i wanted a deck for the back of my home i ended up calling quaker state construction.
11 it ended up working very well and they were very polite.
0 i got an estimate and called them to start working out the details of my new deck.
0 once we got the plans all sorted out they started building my new deck and it was finished with in a reasonable amount of time.
0 i now have a beautiful deck that i can relax and that my family can enjoy.
0 overall, they did a good job and i would use them in the future for all my deck necessities.
0 i have never seen a restaurant that has a frowning brownie (a.k.a.
0 frownie) as their icon, mascot, or spokesperson.
0 king's family restaurant has surprised me with this.
0 i think it might be in direct dialogue with eat n' parks smiling cookie -- funny (funny odd, not funny ha-ha).
0 we were seated rather quickly by the manager.
11 very nice people work here, i was happy to find that even though they had closed a section, the server was willing to stay longer to serve us our dinner.we chatted with the server a little bit -- she was quite engaging -- and then moved on to order our meal:teapepsiopen-faced hot turkey sandwich with mashed potatoes and gravybuffalo chicken strips with mashed potatoes and macaroni n' cheeseour drinks arrived and our server conversed with us some more about the area.
0 she would leave every couple of minutes to check on our food and to make certain that her other tables had everything they needed.
0 eventually, our entrees arrived -- both piping hot.
0 i went straight for the macaroni and cheese.
0 it didn't taste bad, but i swear that it is made by stouffers.
0 i didn't feel the need to eat that much knowing that there were other things to eat.
0 i tried the mashed potatoes and found that they too came from a package; but, again, they didn't taste bad with the brown gravy.
0 i moved on to the main part of my meal -- the buffalo chicken strips.
0 at least they were all white meat and the buffalo sauce was more than just mild.
0 i contented myself with eating them.
0 i tried some of the hot turkey sandwich and just left the rest for my friend since it was not fresh cut turkey but instead luncheon meat that had been heated.
0 i finished off my dinner and was happy in the end.
11 no, it wasn't the best food in the world, but the service greatly helped the perception and it didn't taste bad.
0 so... back in the late 90s, there used to be this super-kick-ass cinnamon ice cream, like an apple pie ice cream without the apples or the pie crust.
0 so delicious!however, now there is some shit-tastic replacement that tastes like vanilla ice cream with last year's red-hot in the middle: totally gross.
0 fortunately, our server was nice enough to warn me about the change and bring me a sample, so i only had to suffer the death of a childhood memory rather than also having to pay for it.the portions are big and filling, just don't come for the ice cream.
0 ive pretty much been eating at various kings' pretty regularly since i was a child when my parents would take my sister and i into the fox chapel location often.
0 lately me and my girl have been visiting the heidelburg location.
0 i love the food, it really tastes homemade, much like something a grandmother would make, complete with gobs of butter and side dishes.
13 prices are low, selection is great, but dont expect fine dining by any means.
0 service is hit or miss at pretty much all of them; if you have lunch at any kings, you will likely be waited on by a sweet but sarcastic  older lady who has been doing the waiting thing for 30 years and knows her game.
0 seek out this lady.
0 my experience with the younger crowd at night isnt the same.im in my 30s now, and very little has changed, other than the fox chapel location was remodeled about 10 years ago to look less like a diner, which was a big fail.
0 any girl i meet has to enjoy kings or she's out.
0 hoofah.
0 i heart king's.
0 i've always been a fan and this one was as good as my old one in monaca.
0 i arrived around 10 am on a saturday morning.
0 i was greeted by the hostess,who was polite and friendly, and i informed her that i was alone.
11 she had just arrived, as well, and wasn't exactly sure what was going on yet, so she asked (the manager?)
0 where she should seat me.
0 after receiving guidance, she brought me to a table towards the back.
0 it had not yet been cleaned after the previous guests had dined.
11 so, she quickly got it cleared off, grabbed a rag, and wiped it down.the waitress came rather quickly to take my drink order.
11 she was extremely friendly.
0 i ordered coffee and water, which she went and got while i looked over the menu.
0 she returned, and took my order.
0 i ordered the cinnamon swirl french toast special - three slices of french toast made with pittsburgh's own jenny leeu00ae cinnamon swirl, two farm-fresh eggs, with bacon or sausage (i chose sausage), and your choice of potato (i went with the cheesy hash brown casserole).
0 i also added an orange juice.
10 she went and put my order in, while i waited, and came back with it after not too long.
15 the eggs were cooked exactly how i wanted them, the cheesy hash brown casserole and the french toast were both delicious.
15 i also enjoyed the sausage which was pretty typical.kings family restaurant featured a very friendly staff, great prices, and tasty food.
0 i am pleased and will definitely come back again.
0 a gem.
0 the coffee cups are mismatched .
0 the owner is three feet away from me cooking.
0 the sausage is made for them locally.
15 and the food is frickin awesome.
0 i had the pancakes, my daughter had the sausage and egg sandwich.
-1 cash only.
11 friendly service.
15 excellent breakfast and lunch menu.
11 friendly staff and super food.
15 modest environment with excellent food.
-10 worth the wait.. dont miss this one.
15 best breakfast and lunch food in the pgh south hills hands down.
0 what a find!
0 i stopped in here for breakfast while in town for business.
11 the service is so friendly i thought i was down south.
10 the service was quick, frankly and felt like i was with family.
15 fantastic poached eggs, cajun homefries and crispy bacon.
0 gab and eat is definitely a place i world recommend to locals.
13 i was stuffed and the bill was only $8.00.
15 a fine breakfast joint.
15 you gotta love the small diners.
0 highly recommended.
15 barb's country junction gets a 5 star rating for me because it is truly everything that a pittsburgh restaurant should be.
15 in addition to being the apple of my nostalgia's eye, it is also the constant thought of my tummy when i'm hungry on the weekends.
15 barb's breakfasts cannot be beat, but truly any meal you get there you won't regret.
12 everything is made to order, with fair portions, and great prices.
0 my recommendation is a breakfast sandwich on a bagel and a coffee.
0 there's nothing better than drinking from a cup that could have come from your grandma's kitchen.i know that gab n eat is nearby, and barb's can be a little weird get to with the strange traffic pattern but this really is a gem of carnegie that you've gotta try!
0 great little place.
0 treats you like a local.eaten here 3 times a week for a month.
0 same overtime.
0 barb is always here.
11 this is a great place to eat and everyone is so friendly.
0 i live right down the street from here but unfortunately, i have only gone a once.
0 trust me, i will go here more often.
11 the food is great, prices are low, and the staff are friendly.
6 my cousin and i wanted a place to eat and catch up and this was perfect place.
0 i will go here more often.
15 my first time going to barb's country junction and i really wanted to like this place, i really did...however, i didn't.the food was decent, some was above average and some below but it was overall decent.
0 i got pancakes, bacon and eggs.
15 the pancakes were really good and fluffy, the home fries were simply okay and the eggs were not cooked well.
15 my son had a burger and it was good.
0 the coffee at this place was brewed to perfection which a appreciate.
11 i would give the food 3/5.the service was subpar for sure.
11 while our waitress was a really nice girl, she wasn't on top of anything at all.
0 had to ask for coffee refills, had to ask for silverware, for napkins...etc.
-11 she got the order messed up and so on.
-11 i give the service 2/5.the inside of the place had some country charm as you'd expect but want particularly cleanly.
0 it also had a leaky roof in several places which had buckets collecting the water.
0 a customer even tripped over the buckets and fell.
13 i give the interior 2/5.the prices were decent.
6 i fed my whole family breakfast (3 of us) for $23.
13 i give the prices 3/5.so in summary, you can get okay food here for a rather cheap price but it is not a great place to dine in by any means.
0 there are better diners in the area that i will patronize in the future rather than barb's.
0 my husband and i tried this place for the first time today.
2 it was easy to find and no problems with parking.
0 it's "seat yourself", but there were no signs stating this, so we stood there looking like fools for a minute.
-11 it took awhile for the waitress to acknowledge us and i'm guessing that this was barb.
0 she apologized and said that one of her workers called off today.
11 no big deal and her apology was appreciated.
0 she came back with our drinks, dropped them off, and left again.
-10 we didn't see her for another 20 minutes.
-10 ultimately, we were there for 30 minutes before she took our order.
0 this was aggravating to me.
0 i don't mind waiting for my food if i know it's going to be awesome and they're making it with love, but come on now.
0 we ordered the hot pepper omelette/home fries/ toast and chocolate chip pancakes/sausage.
-15 the food was alright, really nothing special.
11 a new waitress ended up taking care of us and she was much more attentive.
0 we may or may not go back.
0 for the price i ended up paying, this place was fine.
0 there was a full kitchen, king bed and tv.
0 i was just surprised at the lack of amenities at the hotel.
0 while i have stayed at other extended stay hotels, i was surprised to find a sign in the room at this one stating that you only got your room cleaned once per week...if you wanted it more often than that you would have to pay for it.
0 if you needed fresh towels, you'd have to go to the main desk to get them.
0 they also only provided a small bar of soap in the room...not the typical soap, shampoo, lotion, etc.
0 this didn't bother me too much as i was only staying a couple days but again i found it surprising not to have these basic things.
0 the hotel in general was easy to get to and very easy to get back onto to freeway from.
11 the hotel was clean and the people who worked there were very nice.
2 great value, close drive to city, not much to do around hotel, its a business park.
0 carnegie city has a few bars and restaurants.
0 simplerusticlocalwait that is every gordon ramsey reviewmy experience at extended stay america was great.
11 the staff was warm and friendly and made it a point to speak to me every morning as i left and when i returned in the evening.
0 they went out of their way to provide a confirmation and point me in the direction of restaurants and nightspots when needed.
0 if i ever need to utilize an extended stay hotel i wouldn't hesitate to head back there.
0 i've stayed at a couple of extended stay sites that i found quite satisfactory and this location proved to be just as good.
0 excellent place to stay while visiting pittsburgh.
2 it is just a five minute drive to downtown.
0 location is in a business park area so it is quiet.
0 the rooms contain a nice kitchenette area with a full sized refrigerator, sink, cabinets and two burners.
0 there is no oven which i expected as the descriptions all state "full kitchen" so be aware of that.
0 also they do not keep the dishes, pots and pans, coffee makers, toasters or utensils in the rooms.
0 if you want them you have to request them at the desk during check in.
0 the room was clean and well maintained.
0 cable tv quality is spotty sometimes but not intolerable.
3 the free wifi is usually fast.
11 the best part about this location was the staff.
0 the people at the desk were all very pleasant and welcoming and quite willing to assist with any questions or issues with a smile.
0 i would definitely stay at this location again and highly recommend it.
0 tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful
0 i have said it on other sites and will repeat here.
0 you must try their burgers.
15 they are juicy and delicious with a bun that is perfect.
0 another must are the fries with guinness gravy and if you haven't had enough go for the ultimate sleeper, leek and potato soup.
0 authentic black & tans.
0 harp and murphys on tap.
0 it don't get no better.
4 this is a true gem my friends.
0 be warned.
11 don't expect the best service ever.
0 it's not the cleanest place you've been in either.
0 the decor is soccer jerseys from places and teams you've probably never heard of.
0 it's divey, eclectic, and authentic.
15 if you're looking for good irish food and a cold pint, you can't go wrong at the pour house.
0 like most of carnegie's main st, this is a hidden gem worth seeking out.
15 they have some of the best irish food i've had in pittsburgh- the colcannon is awesome and the shepherd's pie is out of this world.
0 if you're not looking for irish food, then try the grilled cheese- and make sure you ask it with the three cheeses together.
0 it's big and the cheese is thick and gooey.
15 i get it with a side of potato pancakes... yum.
0 also, they have guinness, smithwicks and harp on tap...
0 if i could give this place less than one star, i would.
0 i have no idea who gave this place high reviews but they must either own the place or be time travelers from back in the day when this place might not have sucked.
11 the decor is tired and grimy, the place reeked of smoke, and the bartender/server was surly, to put it mildly.
0 we went there on a saturday night with a mind to try the irish food.
0 apparently, we were out of luck.
0 i've always thought that the secrets of restaurant success is to actually stock food for people to eat.
0 he told us before we ordered that they had no "pies".
0 no chicken pot pie, no shepherds pie, etc.
0 so, we gamely tried to order other things.
0 we placed our order.
4 my wife, for example, ordered the irish stew and he came back 5 min later telling us they were out of that and even more things for several people in our party.
0 at that point my wife picked out a third option, ham and cabbage, only to be told again that "they were out".
0 at that point, realizing that the only food to be had in the place was what was crusted on the menus, we asked to pay for our drinks and left.
0 they actually then gave us flack for not having enough to put it on a debit card.
0 in short, unless you like your dinner with a side of disappointment and depression, i'd probably avoid this place like the plague.
0 speaking of the plague, i suppose we should thank mr.
0 surly for inspiring us to walk out.
0 i only have two bathrooms at my house and would've been hard pressed to accommodate several violently ill people at once.
15 best irish food in the burgh.
15 great bar food too.
-11 the service is maybe a bit surly and it's not the cleanest, nor the best decor.
0 but, that's not what this place is about.
0 it's a town irish bar and it serves great solid irish fare and suds to the locals.
0 and it does it better than anyone.
0 i go back again and again.
0 okay, so hopefully you haven't been enjoying happy hour @ riley's pour house before you read this or you might not be able to follow the lilting irish owners.
0 to recap: murphy's pour house from 1979-1985. sullivan's pour house from 1995-2002. paddy's pour house from 2002-2012. and, bagpipe please, riley's pour house opens march 1 of 2012. still with me?it's a tiny long bar just like the old irish pubs.
0 no more smoking allowed.
0 hurrah!!!
-11 same lousy service.
0 my guess is that the entire place needs (no, strike that .... demands) an automated food/beverage ticketing system.
-11 none of the cooks, bartenders, or waitresses know who ordered what nor what ticket belongs to which table.
0 it's actually pretty funny if you're not a) hungry or b) thirsty.
0 i really really want this place to do better.
0 we need more irish pubs and local old time watering holes.
0 get it together, murphy's ... er, i mean sullivan's....er, i mean paddy's or is it riley's?
0 whatever the case, they have cold guinness.
0 and irish music.
0 and fun patrons.
8 the delivery driver mistakenly rang my doorbell, having confused 133 and 113.rather than taking a step back and analyzing the situation, he begins to accuse my wife and i of ordering and refusing to pay for this pizza.the driver then gets on his cell phone and rather than calling the number than was given when the order was placed, begins to call his bosses and starts threatening me with felony charges.
0 so i take the initiative and ask the fine upstanding gentleman what the phone number of the order-er was, phone my neighbor and discover the mistake.
0 rather than a thank you or a sorry, he just speeds off (breaking the speed limit on our block) to reach his destination 50 feet away.i would call to complain, but based on the other reviews, its clear the owners do not care about carnegie or it's residents, and its pretty well known around town just how awful their food is, so it would be pointless to boycott a place i'd never order from again anyway.do yourself a favor and order from any other establishment in town.
0 3/6/12  visit -  i am from san francisco bay area and if u want a dive go to china town in san francisco.
15 - this place was dirty like chinatown dive but some of the best food i have every tasted came from a dive.
4 the food was really good and my group ordered a bunch of different things it was all good- a- taste.- prices are reasonable a-.
-11 --------they dont speak english very good and got my order wrong.sweet potatoe fries a+pizza  - aeggplant hoagie b+greek salad b+gyro a+if they scrubbed the place down and the lady spoke better english 4 star ****
0 recommended.
13 16 inch pizza on special was cheap.
10 fast service.
0 not the best pizza but above average.
-15 some of the worst pizza i've ever had.
0 we used a coupon from the paper for a 2 topping 8 cut sicilian.
0 first of all the pizza wasn't even cut through, and the sad attempt at cutting was so uneven that 4 of the slices were about an inch wide, while the others were about 4" each.
0 the toppings were scarce, they used mini pepperoni and put maybe 8 on the whole pizza.
0 the onions were huge chunks and the mushrooms were straight from a can.
-15 the worst part though was the thick doughy crust that tasted more like a fishy sourdough roll.
0 i'm serious... it was so noticeable that it made me wonder if the dough was bad or if they for some weird reason put fish sauce in it.
0 it was gross.
0 we also ordered steak and italian hoagies.
0 the veggies were old and wilted, and there was no dressing on either.
0 the italian had deli meat that was clearly bottom of the line and not very generous.
0 the "steak" (if you an call it that) was greyish instead of brown and looked like it was a processed meat chopped into pieces.
0 no flavor or seasoning and the texture was reminiscent of spam.
-15 it was so bad that i only ate 1/4 of it and tossed the rest.
0 i have ordered from here in the past and always been disappointed.
0 i thought i would give them another try since i'd never ordered a sicilian pizza from there.
0 what a mistake.
0 i will never order from them again!
0 having certain businesses with skill sets in your local neighborhood is important.
0 i try to keep it as local as possible, so when i heard about a tailor in carnegie i was intrigued.
0 the building is in a strip mall across from carnegie coffee company.
0 unassuming, looks like it is closed all the time, until you do a drive by and see the hours posted.
0 there is a latino man in his 20's working when you arrive.
0 in my mind, i imagine a tailor to be older, kind of like my grandfather maybe with measuring tape around his neck (textbook movie tailor), so i was a bit trepidatious about dropping off my clothing.
0 he asks you to go change into a closet (yes, a closet to change in with one lightbulb) but all my worries aside, the moment he started working on my items i knew he was the real deal.
0 he learned from his father at the age of 14 how to sew.
0 and he does things the correct way.
0 meaning, for example-  i took in a pair of khakis all the way down to the cuff, but he seamed them up to look exactly the way they were when i first bought them.
0 most placed will have bulges and puckers.
0 the rest of my items were just as perfect.
-13 very inexpensive at $10 for a pair of pants to adjust the hem.
10 the items were done in a timely manner.
0 he takes his business very seriously.
0 while i was there, i watched a lady rush in and demand 6 shirts to be altered in an hour, and he did it and charged the same price.
11 really nice guy, please go and support this business to keep him around town!
0 new to area and decided to pay this shop a visit!
0 it was definitely the best experience i've ever had with a tailor.
13 he is much cheaper than the other shops, he charges 10 while others charge $15, and he goes above and beyond for what he charges.i dropped off 4 jeans, and he hemmed and tapered the jeans!
0 i couldn't even tell the difference between the store bought jeans and the quality of his work.
0 it was absolutely perfect, no bulges or puckers!
0 they the match the exact stitch as the factory.
0 absolutely a great guy, they were all done and waiting for me as promised!
7 i'll definitely be taking all of my business to this place, and would highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a personal tailor who actually cares about his work and building an honest business.
10 i needed alterations done to my suit very quickly.
10 like three days quickly.
-13 not only did filberto at alteration world have it ready, the price was beyond reasonable and the work was excellent!
0 i plan on bringing all my clothes to him from now on.oh and he let me know that they also dry-clean.
0 wonderful shop!
0 this is the best alteration place i have been to.
10 the guy that owns it is extremely helpful and works fast.
13 also, the prices are so reasonable i wonder how he stays in business.
0 he was able to do an alteration on short notice and was very acommodating.
10 the alteration i needed done--and fast--was right in the middle of prom season.
-10 all the other places i called gave me a several week wait, but he took me right away.
0 i will be back!
0 i just needed a broken zipper replaced on my favorite penguins fleece jacket and a pair of suit pants hemmed.
13 the price was very reasonable and the work done was great.
0 i will go back for all my tailoring needs and highly recommend if you need any done.
0 are you are really looking at the review for ljs?
0 its fried stuff, with extra fried stuff in a cardboard boat.
15 you will regret eating it 30 minutes after you finish, but it is delicious.
0 i agree with paul on this one.
0 but i had to stop here on my way home from work tonight.
0 (i think i feel my heart yelling at me again) , the gal at the drive thru window was just soooo sweet , i just might go back and ask her to marry me!
0 but then again , she gave me a slip with a survey on it to fill out online.
0 maybe she just wanted my positive response.
0 ok sarah b. you got it ... now where's my free coke ?
11 it's deep fried garbage....it's los c'mon what do you expect.....however i have never had better, friendlier service at a fast food restaurant.
9 by far the worst most unprofessional dentist i have ever experienced her staff is too busy watching soap operas on all the tvs in each room instead of cleaning and she gave me a filling which was too deep which could have been understandable as her son had his pictures delivered from hawaii and she had to stop 3 times to pay for them and show her whole staff all of them must be nice to have a 14 year old go to hawaii on her moms dime and have her patience wait to see all of this happen i had to have oral surgery and have the tooth removed because she put the filling in too deep an abscessed tooth was the result i wouldn't recommend her to an ex girlfriend or someone i hate because of the three months of extreme tooth pain i had to deal with because of her lack of care and follow through even after i called and asked them for advice and follow up they simply could care less and did not even offer to reschedule an appointment other than prescribing me vicodin and antibiotics do not recommend and do not go to her license should be pulled!
0 when i moved to the area, dr.
0 weinberg was recommended to me by my cousin who had been a client for years.
11 i've had nothing but positive experiences with her and her staff since seeing her two years ago.
11 the team is professional, nice and courteous.
9 i recently had to reschedule an appointment due to a last minute work thing and they were very accommodating.
0 my daughter looks forward to coming to the dentist so that's saying something.
0 i do wish they would turn off fox news in the lobby as i'd rather watch paint dry but... nobody's perfect.
9 in all fairness - i did not see this dentist but did schedule an appointment and waited 15 minutes for them to open.when i look at yelp reviews, i usually weed out the outliers (the best and the worst).
0 unfortunately, there are only two reviews.it was my first time at the office.
11 the office admin (very nice) asked for me to come early (before 9am) to complete paperwork.
-10 i arrived at 8:50.    i waited.
0 i watched 2 employees walk by me (unlocked the door and re-locked it).
0 they did not acknowledge me.the door i was at had signage (open hours).
9 i decided to leave because of a review where the staff seemed distracted or disinterested in my presence.the office admin (very nice) called me to inform i am missing my appointment.
2 i explained to her that there were too many indications where this was not going to be a good fit and wished her the best of luck.i recommend if you see this dentist you go to the front door (furthest away from the parking lot) for the entrance.poor recommendation because the staff who walked by me seemed to be distracted which was pointed out in a previous review.
0 this is by far the best dentist i have ever been to.
0 she is honest and never trys to sell you a bunch a stuff that you dont need.
0 we are very great full that we discovered her.
2 we adjust our vacations to make sure that we stop in to her office in pennsylvania at least once a year for cleaning and check ups, worth the drive from florida.
0 i've been to this office a good amount of times.
0 each time the receptionists give of a vibe of entitlement and it is very uncomfortable.
0 weinberg herself is very nice, but i doubt her ability.
0 every procedure she has done to my teeth has backfired.
0 the third and last issue i have is that i always paid cash at the end of my visits and somehow i have received an invoice for $55.
0 i called and of course the receptionist was sassy and rude so i gave up.
0 will never go back or refer anyone else
0 don don is a restaurant i find myself missing now and again, it's probably my favorite restaurant in carnegie.
0 simple setup, just a small restaurant with a few tables and a tv.
0 oddly enough i think my favorite thing to eat there is the wonton soup, never had better.
11 the food is average but i always enjoyed eating there, great service and a cheap place to get chinese food.
0 take it from me; avoid this place at all cost.
0 the only time i go is when i am starved and don't have the energy to cook or get edible food.
0 and then after i have been kicking myself.
-15 far away from real chinese food.
-15 doesn't even taste good as american style chinese food.
0 i used to order takeout here once every month or so.
13 the food tastes average and the price is good.
0 it's your typical low-end chinese place.
0 the last (and final) time i ordered here i just so happened to be picking up my order while a health inspector from allegheny county health department was making his rounds.
-10 while i was waiting on my food (which took much longer than usual) the inspector was pointing out violations.
0 he also requested a copy of a certificate that the man behind the register was unable to produce.
0 the inspector looked at me like i was crazy for waiting on my food despite the obvious poor conditions.
0 as for the rest of the place - it's always been kind of dirty inside.
0 the carpets are just filthy and the walls match.
0 there are always children's toys scattered about the floor because the owners children are always there, so be careful not to trip.
11 the workers do seem like nice people just trying to make a living but when it comes to cleanliness don don is lacking.
15 delicious singapore noodles and seafood delight.
0 crispy flavorful crab rangoon, and cold sesame noodles done well (but could've used a bit more sauce).
11 excellent real chinese food, friendly service.
-5 restaurant ambience: high school cheap date quality.
4 i came here with two friends prior to visiting apis meadery next door this past weekend.
0 i ordered the general tso's chicken, and my friends ordered the sesame chicken, crab rangoon, and another appetizer (egg rolls?).
0 they ordered the combo with less meat, and i ordered the one with more--the names were very similar, which i found confusing.
0 the food took quite a while to come up (~15 min.
-10 ), so i'd suggest calling ahead if you're in a rush.
8 while we were waiting, the woman behind the counter yelled at someone over the phone in chinese, and then at a guy who came in to pick up food for delivery (probably the same person).to be honest, i'm not much of a fan of americanized chinese cuisine (i lived in singapore for 3 mos.
0 and have visited hong king and japan); it's been awhile since i've had it, and this dish reminded me why.
0 i don't care for the overbearing sweetness and thickness of the sauce, nor do i care for the pre-cut meat in the dishes (i like to cut up my own meat, thank you very much), so the flavors and textures don't do much for me.
0 having said that, my friends claimed this was the best americanized chinese fare they'd had in pgh (and they live in squirrel hill!
0 ), so if you're a fan of this cuisine, you can take that into consideration.if nothing else, this meal provided us with some much-needed food to absorb the alcohol from the mead, which i appreciated.
0 all i can say is the worst!
0 we were the only 2 people in the place for lunch, the place was freezing and loaded with kids toys!
0 2 bicycles, a scooter, and an electronic keyboard graced the dining room.
0 a fish tank with filthy, slimy fingerprints smeared all over it is there for your enjoyment.our food came... no water to drink, no tea, medium temperature food.
0 of course its cold, just like the room, i never took my jacket off!
0 the plates are too small, you food spills over onto some semi-clean tables as you sit in your completely worn out booth seat.
0 the fried noodles were out of a box and nasty, the shrimp was mushy, the fried rice was bright yellow.we asked for water, they brought us 1 in a solo cup for 2 people.
0 i asked for hot tea, they said 10 minutes.
0 what chinese restaurant does not have hot tea available upon request?over all.... my first and last visit to this place.
13 the only good point was that it was cheap, and deservingly so.
0 we went on a weeknight.
-10 place was not busy waited over 20 minutes for drinks and to have our order taken.
-10 we ordered an app and it came out with the meals and that was another 20 minutes or so.
15 food was luke warm at best.
0 i would not go back.
0 went for breakfast on 6/16/14.
10 we received very good service and meal came within a few minutes.waitress could have smiled more but was friendly.
15 i had a grand slam... it was more than enough food.
15 meal was very tasty... we will definitely go back.
0 it is a popular denny's.
15 i love their stakes and i come here every week just to get the t bone steak, it is completely delicious!
11 great atmosphere, there is always a lot people and the waiters are nice; food portion is great as well!
11 perfect time with hubby, after work which is 4 am and you can still have a hot nice meal, waitress was such an adorable girl.
11 her arm was broken or smth but she still dis a great job!strawberry lemonade was just smth i have been craving for for so long but did not know what it was :) strawberry milkshake, nachos and t bone steak is smth we never stop ordering!its always nice when u go late at night like us, it is not crowded, not noisy, nice music playing and always nice people around.
10 if you want smth quick and it is late at night then i would say denny's!
0 this location never disappoints!!
15 food is always consistently great, and if you come at the right time, (witching hours) you may see the cook singing and dancing along with the music in the back.
0 and it is awesome!
0 love this place!
0 i belong to this gym...  i live in the south section of pittsburgh, and i find that this gym is not too far from me.
11 the staff is friendly, the equipment is quite good.
0 you get two free personal training sessions when you join.
0 they have lots of weights (which my boyfriend uses) and a decent cardio room.
0 the only thing i would say is to increase some of the cardio equipment.
13 water is only $1 a bottle!
0 i bought a three month membership last year, mainly to attend the silver sneakers classes.
0 i was in my early sixties and hadn't exercised in a while.
0 i tried the evening classes but they were very crowded and difficult, so i tried a morning class for seniors.
0 i like to stretch out before my class actually starts, so i went to the tail end of a yoga class.
0 the women in this class were very nasty to me and told me that i wasn't welcome to stretch out in their class.
0 i never went back thanks to the attitude of the other members.
0 i didn't feel welcome here.
0 i complained to the manager, who said that i was welcome to stretch out in whatever class i wanted to, but the hostility of these yoga students was very evident.
0 do they think that this is their private gym?
0 items selected:powdered sugar, cinnamon crunch, glazed donut holes (complimentary)cinnamon crunch yeastedstrawberry crullerbuttermilk barsour cream old fashionedmaple and cream cronutapple fritteramenable to traveling hours for worthwhile cuisine but happy to save the gas and stay close to home it was with high, yet tempered, hopes that i entered west tropicana's newly-opened ace donuts and with a duo of smiling faces greeting me from the counter as several old-school gems and a few novelties glistened behind glass the only question was where to begin - a $10 tally scoring me six fried pastries from which not a single one was less than excellent.owned and operated by a korean family with just enough fluency in english to describe products and facilitate sales ace donuts is tucked away in a small strip mall and with clean lines, polished surfaces, plus a few seating options the marble bar at the window proved a pleasant spot to watch the comings and goings outside - a few already-regulars stopping in en route to work while others discovered the doughnuttery for themselves, each person who opted to eat in universally praising whatever they ordered as hot donuts came fresh from the kitchen twice during the course of my stay.starting off with a yeasted masterpiece with a wispy crumb and sweet cinnamon topping before indulging in three complimentary holes of equal quality it was onward to an eggy cruller on par with the city's best that i progressed and although some may prefer a slightly less thick frosting the strawberry flavor was surprisingly natural - a similar appearing blueberry a target for next time, though they do not yet offer a true blueberry cake option.admittedly impressed by the opening pair it was onward to three old-school favorites that the tasting rolled on and with a dense tooth tinged in tangy notes the buttermilk again showed ace's versatility while the sour cream old fashioned was just a tad too sugary sweet, a far greater show of restraint seen in a masterful fritter that was crunchy on the outside, chock-a-block full of apples, and easily the best in the city - a similar sentiment offered to a crunchy cronut with laminated layers shattering to the tooth as a custard center oozed forth proving an ample foil to a sweet lacquer of maple.without a doubt the best all-around doughnut shop on the west side of the valley and already perhaps the best doughnut shop in all of las vegas anyone looking for fried breakfast treats would be doing themselves (and their co-workers) a favor by stopping into ace, both the donuts and the smiling staff ready and waiting each day at 5am.
0 i am not much of a doughnut person anymore but this place could convert me.
0 i stopped here because of michael u's glowing review because i know what high standards he has.i got two fritters--an apple and a blueberry--and one croissant doughnut, a.k.a., cronut, that was raspberry filled.
0 the fritters were both quite good and while one was bought for my wife, she only got a small taste of it.
0 i had it gone in a flash.she didn't care for the raspberry cronut thinking it was too sweet.
0 i soon dispatched the rest of that so she didn't have to suffer.before sundown, all three were gone even though i promised myself i'd save something for the next day,
0 i've been waiting for weeks for this place to open!
0 luckily, they did not disappoint.
0 i'm not a big fan of the donuts at pink box and my husband has been complaining about the low-quality grocery-bought apple fritters and was very happy with the apple fritters i bought here.
0 their regular glazed donut was solid and the french glazed donut i bought was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.
0 the ladies here were super sweet and helpful (even tossing in some donut hole samples for me!).
0 my hands were full with pizza i bought next door and they kindly opened the door for me.
0 i'll definitely be back to check out their other offerings!
0 i have had my eye in thai location for a little bit.
0 i saw the coming soon sign and when i started seeing the reviews slowly trickle in i was excited that they finally opened up.i walked in around 7am and they were well stocked on goodies.
0 they offer mini versions of their croissant donuts as well as fritters.
7 i bought a few different donuts to share with my coworkers.
15 the croissant donut was delicious.
0 not at all greasy and have a great crunch and was still moist inside.
0 the cruller was perfectly cooked and had a nice texture.
0 the blueberry fritter was nice as well.
11 lots of berries in the fritter and not overly glazed, which is a big plus for me.service was nice and their prices are on par with other donut shops in the valley.
0 i'll be back.
0 fantastic cinnamon donut holes.
0 i will return just for a little bag of donut-holes  : ) we also tried the glazed donuts and a blueberry donut which were very good.
11 super friendly lady that helped me decide what to get.
0 i will return.
0 you should support this little business if you can.
0 not enough mom and pop places around anymore.
0 for the best selection go early.
0 by 11am most of the good stuff is gone since they open at 5am.two thumbs up.
0 items selected:chocolate cinnamon hornsmall cinnamon crunch cronutblueberry fritterblueberry frosted cakeapple cinnamon bear clawcinnamon crunch hole, glazed hole, powdered sugar holea new year and a new favorite, the second of back-to-back weeks at ace donuts again showed the high quality of the new bakery's goods and this time opting for items not available on my first visit it was a truly excellent quintet that kicked of 2015 - the soft ring beneath blueberry frosting eating more like butter-cake than a doughnut while the fritter and cronut again shined despite selecting smaller versions and different constituents.
4 more than enough to share, but so good that one may not want to, it was largely due to my early hour of arrival that the jumbo bear claw stuffed with ample amounts of cinnamon apples outshined any similar pastry in the city and although the combination of rich chocolate and substantial notes of cinnamon may not appeal to every palate the crispy exterior and soft insides of the gnarly horn was a veritable cornucopia of flavor, the warm delivery making the aromatics even more impactful and the chocolate just messy enough to justify the use of a fork and knife.undoubtedly the best all-around doughnuttery in las vegas - artisan, old school, or otherwise.
11 awesome donuts and super friendly service!
0 this was the only (non dunkin donuts) place open on new year's day.
0 i called ahead and they were super cordial on the phone when i asked if they were open and i get there and they were exceedingly nice and helpful.
0 we got a dozen for my friends that just had a baby and they were tearing through them.
0 i was not offered any by my friends but luckily we had a few of our own...a couple croissnuts, a buttermilk with chocolate and some coffee.
0 the buttermilk ones are top notch...just the right amount of crunch on the outside and fluffy and soft on the inside!
0 finally it's open after weeks of seeing and passing the sign almost everyday.
-10 let me tell you it's worth the wait.
0 located in a strip mall around the corner of tropicana and fort apache sits this little gem.
11 it's a quaint mom and pop donut shop with minimal du00e9cor but their products and friendly service are what makes them shine.
15 they offer a variety of donuts from your good ol glazed to the often sought after cronut and all the yummy goodness in between.
13 prices are comparable to the more known dunkin donuts but ace's quality surely surpasses.
7 they open at 5 am which is super convenient to stop by and grab treats to surprise the coworkers with.
0 ****ps****lol read ryan h's review, couldn't agree more.
0 glad to know i'm not alone in that department.
0 it seems like whenever i come here i tend to pay more and more.
13 i always just order half a dozen but i never pay $5.99 like how it's advertised (and yes i am aware cronuts are $3) the last time i visited, i ordered a dozen and bam total bill was over $16 and this was after i asked her which donuts were part of the 9.99 price tag: her answer was 4 of the special and the rest regular donuts.
11 it's not going to stop me from going there because i do like the quality and the ladies are nice, i just wont get a dozen anymore hahahaha.
13 fresh tasty donuts at a great price.
0 the korean owners were lovely.
0 they were very welcoming.
0 i enjoyed the assortment of cake donuts and yeast donuts.
0 every single donut i had was great.
0 if i lived here, i would come again!
4 out with the old, in with the new, with donutsi'm a donut fan, it's true, and when ace donuts opened up recently, i paid my first visit on new year's eve, 2014.  i stopped in around 10:00am that day and picked out half a dozen to share with friends.
0 the establishment itself is bright and clean and reminds me of another favorite donut place in the northwest part of town.
11 the two friendly ladies behind the counter with their cute donut chef hats greeted me when i walked in.
0 there is a fairly wide selection to choose from including mini and regular sized croissant donuts, fritters, glazed, twists, donut holes, crullers, etc.
0 i didn't see any blueberry donuts.
13 i left with two mini cronuts, a mini apple fritter, a cinnamon crumb, a glazed, a sugar twist, and two donut holes thrown in for free, all for $6.95.
0 of that selection, i was very impressed with the cinnamon crumb, which really is my favorite type of donut.
0 it wasn't dry at all, which is usually the case at other places.
15 it tasted like a moist piece of cinnamon cake in the shape of a donut; i would go back just for that and the apple fritter.
15 now, i'm not usually a fritter fan and that's why i got the mini version, but, wow, ace donuts makes the best one i've had.
0 it wasn't greasy or oily, just fritterlicious.
0 my friends ended up eating the rest of the donuts and, truth be told, i didn't even try the cronuts because i don't like them with filling.my second visit was the very next day, january 1, 2015, with the b/f and our pals; their first time and what better way to start the new year, right?
0 i only had one donut that time, though, and it was a cinnamon crumb cronut--score for me!
0 i liked it very much.
5 i was raving to the boyfriend about the fritter, though, so i made sure we got one to go that we shared later and he also agreed that it was amazing.
0 we should have gotten the regular sized one.
0 i need to go back soon and try the blueberry fritter as others have been singing its praises, too.
0 the southwest vegas donut fans can rest assured that there is someplace good they can go when the craving kicks in.
0 ace donuts is a welcome addition to the vegas donut landscape.
0 it's not terrible.
0 sushi menu is definitely limited.
0 did not try the hibachi only the sushi which was just ok.
0 not bad and not good.
0 probably wouldn't go back voluntarily.
-15 some of their food is out of the box frozen like the crab rangoon instead of made to order.
0 i asked the waitress and she told me it was frozen.
-15 the ginger salad was terrible because the ginger sauce was bad.
0 salad lettuce was browning.
0 if you have options, i say pass.
0 nice atmosphere.
0 i expected this to be more of a takeout place, but it is definitely more of an eat-in experience.
0 we ordered  a hibachi chicken meal, and some sushi rolls (alaska and tuna) the hibachi came with a salad, soup and choice of several sides.
0 the salads came out, and almost immediately the soup and our main courses were brought to the table.
0 the timing could use some improvement.
0 the sushi was very good and the texture was better than most local places.
0 we will definitely be back!
-13 tried hibachi.. expensive dinner.. food quantity and quality is ok.
0 may be i would try 1's in a month
-13 expensive lunch meals.
0 fried pickles were good.
-11 waitress messed up 2 orders out of 4.  don't think i'll return.
-11 asked for no cheese waitress joked extra cheese, then brought my meal with cheese.
0 better places to eat in area.
0 great wings, salad, and beer.
0 the cuban sandwich was good too.
0 what else could you ask for?
-13 highly overpriced and food was cold.
-11 our waitress seemed confused and didn't know the menu.
0 she had no idea about gluten free.
0 the gluten free bun was awful.
0 i have been to the other monks locations so i was excited when i heard they were coming sun prairie.
0 i was not disappointed.
4 we each orded something different and shared.
0 i really liked my chicken sandwich and the fish tacos were great.
0 my husband had a breakfast burger that while not something i would normally order, was pretty good.there really aren't many places in sun prairie to eat besides fast food and i can see monks being one of our favorites.
0 i took away a star because the dining room is packed with tables,  when full it is a tight squeeze to get around.
4 having never visited their original location in southern highlands, i was excited to find a more central location, albeit on the strip, located on the trendy linq boulevard.with appetizer choices seemingly more appealing, our small group shared tapas style, enjoying most everything hitting our bar top.starting with the best options:thai sweet chili & bacon prawns ($12).
0 outstanding!
0 prawns are huge, butterflied & filled w/ cream cheese, and wrapped with a crispy slice of bacon saturated in sweet chili.
0 order this, or you're missing out on the obvious winner here!
0 and don't worry, it's not spicy in the slightest.rolled angus ny strip w/ asparagus ($14): provolone, basil, sun-dried tomato & marsala mushroom sauce.
0 excellent, thin sliced tender beef, pairing so well with the sun dried tomato & mushroom.
0 recommended!smoked salmon carpaccio ($13): truffle vinaigrette & capers.
0 thinly sliced fish with just a hint of truffle fragrance.
0 very enjoyable!steamed green lip mussels ($13): white wine tomato broth & garlic bread.
0 tender shellfish in a creamy tomato broth, a bit mild in flavor, asking for a hint of salt/cheese to set it off.truffle parmesan fries ($8).
0 good amount of truffle oil, but towards the bottom pile, became hidden behind a plethora of salt & salty cheese.
0 it's been a long time since i've considered a fry almost too salty lol.marinated olives ($8).
0 all pitted for easy consumption, the large green olives were delicate and flavorful...the smaller kalamata olives with a considerable amount of vinegar.truffle mac & cheese ($8).
12 well cooked pasta, nice cheese ratio and sharing size, but without a hint of truffle oil.baked chicken wings ($9).
0 good flavor, but missing the nice crunchy consistency found in the preferred fried variety.lamb gyro cheesesteak ($11): roast peppers & onions, provolone & peppadews.
0 bread cut too shallow, leaving a dense waste of carbs at bottom.
0 the lamb was flavorful, but hidden between that same bread...i'd pass on this.and for dessert:al's cheesecake ($6).
0 very creamy cake, bubbly and light.
0 it was enjoyable, but would fair well with a nice crust for consistency.double chocolate sundae ($6): peanut brittle, hot fudge, cherry & whipped cream.
0 very creamy chocolate ice cream, as if it was not even frozen!
0 the brittle baked thin, nutty...a very welcoming addition.
0 recommended!to quench the thirst:chamomile breeze ($10) & the orchard ($10).
0 the former delicate with a fair amount of citrus, the latter a bit sweet with cinnamon and apples, yet finishing with a nice bourbon undertone.overall, an excellent choice on the linq boulevard, more enjoyable than my last few stops in the area.
15 would be a great place to catch the game, grab some good food, or a pit stop before/after the wheel.
0 ....just make sure to order the sweet chili prawns!
11 great hospitality, great service, great food!
0 and they're open 23/7!
11 great service and amazing food.
0 the meatball sliders are bond and the truffle mac and cheese is something you will crave.
0 this place is open 24hrs.
15 awesome place for late night food and drinks
0 this place was recommended by the o'sheas bartender.
0 excellent lunch.
0 so good we went back for dinner.
0 calamari was the best ever!!!!!
0 highly recommend!!
0 incredible appetizers.
11 awesome service.
11 leo was our server and he was great.
11 the whole staff had a nice vibe.
11 the staff here are amazinf grade a customer service  ; respectful'friendly:and polite.they are awesome they let me charge phone to and catered to my wants.thank u ricky ocampo for the awesome hospitality.the music is good and the place is classy plus artistic.shout to the staff that work here in this pic .awesome
0 forget about other nearby locations for breakfast.
0 this is the place.
15 delicious belgian waffles, smoked salmon plate and the most beautifully cooked poached eggs i've ever eaten.
11 service outstanding from everyone here.
0 good ambiance.
0 been here twice for breakfast.
0 will definitely  be back to try lunch and dinner.
0 this place is fantastic!
13 the food is pretty good, the food is cheap, and the service is out of this world.
0 probably one of the friendliest restaurants in all of las vegas.the only minor complaint is that i wish that they would expand their menu a bit or serve brunch since i'd like to eat here more often.
0 the bomb!!!!
11 food is awesome, our server leo was hilarious and very good!!!
0 matt the manager is very personable and takes pride in his restaurant!!!
0 you will not be disappointed go eat at off the strip at the linq!!!!
0 amazing that pretty much sums it up for me it all started with management from the moment we walked in the front door matt was the first person we met and we were really impressed with the manner in which he presented him self and the restaurant .
11 and that was just the beginning the staff was incredible and the food was amazing there was not one thing negative to say about our entire experience i defiantly recommend this restaurant i guarantee if you try it once you will come back as we are already making plans to return .
0 if you get the chance to go there ask to sit in leo section he was one of the many people that made are time there incredible great job keep up the good work...
0 i'm always looking for great breakfast places when i'm visiting las vegas, fortunately, i found this place while strolling down the linq.
11 food is pretty awesome, and so is the staff.
11 our server, anabelle made great recommendations and she provided such cheerful and personable service!!
0 our meal consist of smoked salmon platter, which was absolutely wonderful.
11 red quinoa cakes were delicious but the oatmeal just a little on the sweet side, but our server was very accommodating and replaced our overly sweet oatmeal with toast.
11 service a definite 5, food 4.5, ambiance 5.i highly recommend checking this place out when you're in vegas, prices are reasonably low and definitely worth the trip
0 for a place that's barely been open two weeks, this place is destined to be a hit.
0 with an eclectic bistro menu downstairs and traditional chop house upstairs it has something for everyone.
0 i had the grilled mahi with quinoa, but also had tastes of the stroganoff made with fillet, the chicken parm and the gyro cheesesteak.
0 it was all amazing.
0 with some of caesar's palace's and las vegas' top restauranteurs, this place has all the makings of a home run.
15 the    level of detail in the decor, food quality and bar offerings really is like no place i have ever been.
11 great food, even better service.
0 when i sat down at the bar i was immediately greeted by 'joey' who asked my name.
11 he was very friendly and accommodating.
11 other reviews i read before i came here mentioned the service and believe them all.
0 the greeting wasn't all the discussion i had from the bar, which isn't normal for me as i'm not seeing that at bars as much anymore, nor do i invite it.
0 these guys really put forth the effort to make conversation.i ordered the baked chicken wings (a few pics already so didn't add to the pile) they were amazing.
15 6 to an order for $9, they aren't spicy (recommend to the owner to make this an option) but they still taste great (i personally enjoy spicy food).
0 i followed this up with a slice of cheesecake.
0 let me tell you as a cheesecake fanatic, this is good.
-11 can't stress enough the service, everyone here makes a strong effort to engage in conversation with their customers.
0 i see it with all the patrons currently sitting in the room.
0 i had a nice discussion about my company and ces with mario.
0 really nice and knew my company just by looking at my shirt.
0 not that i work for an obscure company, but he was or seemed genuinely interested in what i do.so let's get down to it, why would i give 4 instead of 5 stars with all the nice things i have to say.
0 well one thing is i'm a stingy bastard when it comes to ratings, if everyone is 5 stars then everyone is the same again, so what's the point.
0 the other is i do have a couple requests of the establishment to make it better for me.
0 1 the beer selection is lacking.
0 i'm a dark beer drinker, they have one dark on the menu that's not my style, which is ok because if you don't drink beer or dark beer then who cares.
11 the other goes back to the wings, taste great, but give me a spicy option or at least some hot sauce on the side.again, great food and better service, check this place out of you're in vegas
11 the food is excellent and the service is great.
0 very homey and warm environment.
15 the beef stroganoff is the best!
0 cheesecake is a must as well.
0 will go back again!
0 wandered in while looking for a snack in the afternoon.
0 they were super attentive because they've only recently opened.
0 modern decor.
0 multi level seating and tv's at bar(s).
0 i had the mussels and they were fantastic.
0 the mussels were plump and fresh and the tomato broth was worth asking for extra bread (or a straw).
0 i am not sure which glass of wine i needed up having because the server got confused (i sampled 2 and picked one but may have been served another).
4 still it was a good experience and reasonably priced so i'd go back given more time and will bring some friends next time.
0 was in town for a football game and wanted to grab some food beforehand.
0 i love greek food so hadda try this place.
0 it's nestled in a cute shopping area walking distance to univeristy of phoenix stadium.
0 we caught them on their opening day and the place was super busy.
0 we even met the owner who was very nice and welcoming.
0 ordered the gyro pita with the greek fries.
12 mmmm very, very tasty and good size portions!
0 so good that we ate there again after the game!
-10 2nd time around we waited crazy long for our food but again, it was their first day so i'll cut them some slack.
0 must-try if you're in the area!
15 i love greek food and this place definitely satisfied my craving!
10 everything came out quick and had great flavor.
15 i loved the merlot too, one of the best i've had.
0 the patio is beautiful and has a beautiful fire pit & nice heaters to keep you warm in the winter.
0 i will definitely give this restaurant more business.
-10 average greek food, long wait.
0 hopefully they will work the kinks out.
-10 food took a long time, and they don't seem prepared for crowds from the sporting events.
0 on our way out of the movies we were looking for a place to eat.
0 directly across from the amc at west gate is a new opa greek restaurant.
15 it was delicious.
0 i had a greek salad , spanakopita and a slice of their baklava cheesecake.
0 ok, the cheesecake was amazing!!!
11 the staff was fantastic, they were all professional and courteous and with a smile.
11 i will be going back this weekend, it's hard to find a restaurant with great food and great service.
0 they also have a full outside patio dining area with heaters; to help with the cold nights az has been having.
0 great place for adults.
0 the hubby and i went on friday.
0 we love greek food so when we found out this place opened we were all for it.
15 the food was great.
-11 however, staff might need more training on the menu.
0 when we saw that loukoumades was on option on the menu we jumped right on it.
0 we were happy we didn't have to wait until the next greek festival to have some.
0 when we asked the person taking our order how many were in an order she looked at us and said its just one big round ball.
0 umm yea, we then explained to her what they were and she then took a moment to go ask how many were in an order.
0 i'm so used to biting into a loukoumades and having the honey burst out in all places (so darn good!!
-10 ), yeah not happening here though :( :(.we'll just have to wait until the next greek festival to get our fix.the rest of the food was fine, nothing out of this world, but it was good.
0 mean sandwich, as usual.
0 located in the new forum food court at caesars palace.
0 i grab earl of sandwich every time i go to vegas so i was excited to see another one open.
6 my family was shopping at the forum shops and needed a quick bite.
0 we decided to eat at the food court we passed by on our way to the shops.
0 little did i know that the forum food court opened that very day.i ordered an avocado blt on wheat.
15 loved how they used crumbled bacon instead of bacon strips.
15 every bite had the right amount of bacon, lettuce, and tomato.
15 avocado can make just about any sandwich better.
10 the balance between the avocado and mayonnaise was just right which really put this sandwich over the top for me.service with a smile and no lines during this visit.
0 hope it stays that way.
0 earl of sandwich, conquering caesars palace.
0 stumbled upon this place while walking around caesars palace.
0 i'm obsessed with the earl of sandwich inside planet hollywood (literally go there every time i'm in vegas) so i was pleasantly surprised to find a new location!
4 this branch is inside a mini food court next to smash burger, a ramen place, starbucks and a seafood restaurant so there's plenty of seating and different food options of someone in your party isn't craving a sandwich.
0 you can't go wrong with the full montague or chipotle chicken sandwich, but every sandwich i've tried is good.
0 the bread is crunchy and soft and the ingredients are of good quality.
15 eat a sandwich there, take one to go.. yum!
-10 hawaiian bbq was really good.but honestly the line was so long and all of the other sandwiches tasted like a better version of subway.
-12 sure the quality and taste was decent but for $8 each id rather go somewhere else.overall,i (barely) recommend.
-11 good food (small portions), horrible servicei suppose any new restaurant has to work our wrinkles, and this place has a lot of wrinkles to work out.
-12 while the food is good, the portions are smaller than similar restaurants.
-11 that said, the service is horrible here, even by chinese restaurant standards.
-11 i felt like i was back in china w the rude servers and lack of hospitality.
0 i suppose i will come back again to see if the service improves after being open for awhile, but for now, this place is a fail.
0 as another reviewer has mentioned, the jade restaurant occupies the space that use to be cathay house.
0 cathay house use to be my go to for dim sum in lv; now it will be the jade restaurant.the dim sum was hot and fresh!
0 at one point, the cart server mentioned that the item i wanted was not hot and that she would bring me one from the kitchen.
11 now that's good service!the dim sum variety was good serving the basics plus they offered plates of roast duck, bbq roast pork, as well as some noodle dishes.
11 our table server was very attentive while i noticed that the server assistant (busser) seemed a bit "lost."
11 it was obvious that he had not worked in a restaurant before.the management and hosts were doing their best and trying to offer the best service; it was clear that they were inexperienced, but they were doing their best.
-10 the cashier was very slow; not quite sure why.
-10 our server took our check to be totaled and we waited a bit.
0 finally, we went to the cashier to pay; there was a queue to pay and our check still was not tallied.overall, i would recommend the jade restaurant based on this experience.
0 best wishes to the jade restaurant.
-11 waitress dropped a pair of scissors on the ground, wiped it on the towel and proceeded to cut the food.
0 nothing is outstanding here.
0 much better when it was cathay house restaurant.
0 the turnip cakes and taro balls were extremely salty.
0 egg tart is not bad along with the tripe.
0 siu mai, shrimp balls, and banh cuon were hit and miss.
-11 service was below average.
0 neglected our table a lot and we had to verbally call them over.
0 chrysanthemum tea.
0 this used be cathy house.
0 now the jade.
0 it is an improvement.
0 dim sum is way better.
0 prices are still to be determined.
0 they need to quickly get rid of the nasty carpet and remodel the bathrooms.
-10 they are busy and could use some help with getting the dim sum carts around more quickly.
0 over good place.
0 oh my, 11.00am dim sum, packed, about 6 trolley ladies with all kinds of goodies, shrimp shumai, shrimp in peppers, shrimp others.
15 duck for $6.99, moist, greasy and yummy.
0 sticky rice with pork and wrapped in a leaf.
0 $32 later a bargain indeed.
11 the service was good, as we were the only non asian they did pay special attention to us.
0 got food to go, so we could try it at home.
0 ordered chow fun, and sweet and sour pork.
13 reasonable priced for it was happy hour.
0 they are closing g again for 3 weeks to finish the kitchen.
-11 the food was good and the service was mediocre.
0 there were a lot of young employees it seems that were not in any uniform , which were not too presentable for a new restaurant.
0 i hope to try the dim sum next time.
0 i just started coming to puzzles after following my colorist jenna from another salon.
0 i love it!
0 the studio is set inside hair personality and it has a wonderful cozy vibe decorated with art from local artists.
0 each time i've been offered a glass of wine or other refreshment.
0 jenna and samuel are wonderful and i would definitely recommend this place.
0 the color and cuts have been fabulous thus far!
0 if you are in the phoenix/scottsdale/tempe area you should come by puzzles studio and check out all they have to offer.
0 i've had samuel as my stylist for over 15 years and cannot say enough about his amazing hair styling skills!
0 he talked me into trying kera straight about two years ago and it turned out to be one of the best investments i've ever made.
0 my hair is stronger, healthier and the longest it's ever been - thank you samuel!
0 just had went to this new salon and absolutely love it!
0 the facility is warm, friendly and inviting...and beautiful decorated!
0 jenna is a colorist and did a wonderful job with my hair.
0 i'll be back soon to try out their upcoming blow dry service.
-11 pizza is great but service is crap.
-10 waited 10-15 min with 4 ppl in front of me to order a slice!
0 of pizza then another 10-15 to get it.
0 then u have to go search for water and napkins in the food park.
13 not to mention trying to find a place to sit and eat the 7 yes 7 dollar slice of just peperoni pizza.
0 no common sense is practiced here.
11 service was excellent both times that i've ordered a whole pie to go.
10 the first time, it was a short 15 minute wait, the second time i waited just 2 minutes for my meat lovers pizza as they gave me one straight out of the oven that was headed for their "pizza by the slice" counter.
11 the staff was friendly and polite.
0 hard choosing a place to eat when you're on the strip with young kids.
0 you can't go wrong with pizza (though not my personal first choice.)
0 was walking through caesars and saw difara.
6 ordered a whole meat pizza for the family.
0 honestly the best food court or restaurant quality pizza i've tasted.
10 worth a try whether you are looking for something fast or just plain delicious pizza!
0 if this is part of the old fast food chain rally's then i am even more happy to try it out.
15 i had this the other day for the first time and i was very happy with the food.
15 fries were seasoned and had a little spice to it and the burger was juicy.
10 also the place was packed but we still got our food quickly.
0 i will be going here often.
0 woooo!!!!
11 love this place!!!
0 missed ir soooo much.
0 havent had it in years.
0 since i moved to vegas.
11 best fastfood fries!!!!!!
0 hands down
15 i know you might want to try it but these good reviews are people who sadly have no taste buds.
0 i got fries a burger and the spicy chicken.
15 the spicy chicken which i am almost positive they drive down the street got it from mcdonald's re wrapped it and gave it to me for 50 cents more.. only mcdonald's chicken is better quality.. that's right mcdonald's is better which is the only time i have or will ever say that.
15 their burger was flavorless and had the same consistency as burgers you find in the frozen dinner isle at walmart.
0 they have a lot of bells and whistles.
15 like wings, seasoned fries and whatever but trust me it's not worth it.
11 don't waste your time go across the street you'll be happy you did.
0 this is only based on 2 things.
0 the fries & wings.
0 so far so good.
15 & i might add that these are the best fries i've had from a fast food chain.
0 came here after seeing this new burger place opened up in the southwest side of town, across the street from sonic on durango.
0 we had burgers, chicken strips, chicken wings with fries.
15 the burger was just so so, the buns were cold, that's all i can remember about the burger.
15 chicken strips and wings were also just so so...nothing to rave about.
0 you can get a much better burger from in & out or even sonic.
0 all the napkins, sauces and ketchup you have to ask for since they are all behind the cashier, don't know why.
0 also, don't know why they opened in this location since there are many other burger and wing places around there.
0 well, i can say i have tried a checkers burger now.
0 i had high hopes for this place.
0 when i learned that they were building one (at this location), i was incredibly stoked because (previously) they only had 1 on boulder/lamb and that was way to far for me to drive.this would be the first time i have been able to eat frequently at a checkers since i moved to las vegas from georgia 10 years ago.unfortunately, there are just too many flaws with this place for me to overlook, and here they are:(1) the cooks can't tell the difference between sandwiches: i ordered a big chicken deluxe... the only difference between the 'deluxe' and the regular big chicken sandwich is that the deluxe comes with a tomato and cheese.
11 on 2 occasions in a row they forgot to add the tomato and cheese.
0 i had to bring it back to the counter and explain it to them.
0 the same staff prepared it both times... so apparently they don't learn their lesson nor do they care.
11 (2) pricing and menu layout is inaccurate and incredibly confusing.
11 they have a huge sign on the outside window stating that the "big chicken deluxe" is 2-for-$6 yet on the menu (at the top) inside the building, it says it's 2-for-$5 ... i pointed this out to the cashier and she did nothing to get this corrected.
0 so, i ended up paying more than what the menu says.
0 (3) for some strange reason, they make everything available except napkins.
0 keep in mind this is really greasy food, so you're going to need some napkins.
0 but, if you want napkins you have to go out of your way to ask them for some because they don't have the foresight
0 went to checkers on a friends recommendation that they used to eat it all the time in california.
15 i will start off by saying that the food is ok hence the one star, if i could give this place a 0 stars i still would give just the one star for the food.
-11 the reason for the 4 star reduction is because of napkins and 3 stars because of the really crappy engineered drive through.
0 its the thinnest drive thru we have ever driven through.
0 we made a wide right hand turn from the pick up window and still scraped our rim.
-11 ok so i thought maybe we are just somewhat retarded and decided to eat our food in the car and watch other cars and how they navigate what i felt was crappy design.
0 it took us 15 minutes to eat our food and in that time frame we counted 22 cars, 14 of them being suvs out of the 14 suvs 9 of them hit the curb or ran over it.
0 the other 8 vehicles 3 hit the curb.
-11 i would never ever recommend this place to anyone especially anyone who cares about their cars.
-11 if someone from checkers reads this, i really think you guys need to redesign that drive thru.
15 the food at this place is amazing.
15 my favorite is the chicken shawarma!
6 i bring all my friends and family to this restaurant!
11 the staff is friendly and very professional.
15 very delicious food, don't hesitate to give this place a try!
11 love this place!
12 the portions are generous but it's not so much food that you feel gross afterwards.
15 you can tell all the vegetables are fresh especially in the tabouli.. the tabouli is my favorite and its satisfying but still light..  if you are looking for authentic lebanese food in henderson/7 hills area i suggest shawarma plus forsure.
15 this is easily one of my favorite places to eat at!
15 i love the chicken shawarma wraps!
15 the garlic sauce is amazing and the chicken is sliced right in front of you!
15 the fries are always hot and delicious.
15 also, make sure you try their homemade rose water ice tea, its absolutely delicious!
15 finally - a place in henderson to get great chicken shawarma!!
13 the prices are reasonable too.
15 debbie is an amazing manicurist and she also does meticulous art work!
0 her line work is nothing less than perfect.
11 looking for a unique style or something complex - she can do it!
0 my nails look awesome - thanks debbie!
0 im from la but every time i'm in vegas, it's a must to get my nails done from debbie.
11 she has amazing quality in her work and she gives suggestions that definitely do not disappoint- colors, etc.
11 debbie is very flexible with her hours and works around your time, which is hard to find.
11 and she's very easy to talk to.
10 makes the time pass by quickly.
11 none of that awkward silence stuff!
11 sooo happy i found lacquer me up!
11 by far, one of the best manicure/pedicure experiences.
11 debbie is a gem, she is friendly and takes pride in her work.
11 she gives great suggestions and on trend with colors/style.
11 she uses high quality product and hygenic!
11 debbie you are awesome!
0 hmmm...not quite sure what to make of this place.
0 it's right on the corner and has a nice patio for people watching.
0 inside is a good sized bar area, an open floor area for standing or dancing, and a few tables and booths around the exterior.they offer food during the day and early evening and then become a nightclub at night.it just seems like another new place without much to set it apart or make it feel special.
-14 it might have a slightly older crowd but in general it's the same people you see out all the time.
0 i get the feeling people are here because it"s new but that will wear off soon in my opinion.
11 very cool new spot in the old town scottsdale area by maya.
0 was surprised when this opened because there was no hoop-la on facebook or instagram however it was totally packed the first two nights it was open.
11 awesome atmosphere!
0 i haven't been for the food yet but according to new times they will serve breakfast and lunch, even dinner until about 11pm when it turns into a bar / club.
0 wow!!!
11 first off, the place is gorgeous.
11 hats off to the designers and craftsmen that put this place together - well done - very well done.
6 i attended the friends and family opening the other night; a good friend of mine tay black invited me..  tay gave me a tour and i was really impressed.
15 i was especially impressed with the coffee shop.
0 tay told me they will have coffee on tap; that is not something you can really find in scottsdale so i'm super excited about that..  on another note i wanted to point out how professional and courteous the security staff was.
15 their security is obviously not your run of the mill old town "bouncer"..  between the awesome staff and good food and great atmosphere i'm sure dakota is going to be the new go to spot for scottsdale's young partying professionals.
0 this place is by far the new hot spot in scottsdale!
0 dakota has it all.
15 amazing food, excellent staff, great nightlife and breath taking decor.
0 i highly suggest you check this place out.
0 my wife and i live in the area and are pleasantly surprised by how nice dakota came out.
0 contrary to the other nightlife spots in this area, dakota has a great morning and daytime vibe.
0 the interior is crisp and clean yet inviting.
0 now the best part of our visit was the coffee.
15 the cappuccino was smooth, the milk and coffee seemed to blend perfectly and create and almost silky texture.
15 i can say it was the best cappuccino i have had in az.
15 we will definitely come back for breakfast and will likely try lunch as they have a no mayo tuna melt.
0 went for dinner with friends tonight.
11 the place itself looks great, loved the lighting and projections on walls.
0 that is the only thing that we found we liked.
-14 the music was a little loud and played during the commercials on tv, it was good club music though.
0 when game came back on they switched on the audio for tvs.
-14 this was so loud that we could not talk across the table or even to the person next to us without raising our voices.
-14 this would not be a place to sit down for a relaxed meal and enjoy the company of the people you are with.
11staff were friendly and for the most part attentive although apologized a lot for things they did not yet have.
11 we visited the website for the restaurant which is quite well done, the phone number listed though goes to a property management company that is not open on weekends.
0 this number is on the website as well as on their facebook site.
0 the menu on the website looked very good with a lot of options, once we got to the restaurant there was a limited menu.
0 this was explained as they were trying some other options.
0 the menu was so limiting as to have no appeal.
0 since they were trying out some options you would think they would come back and ask you what you that of them but this never occurred.
0 there were salads but no appetizers.
0 if you drink alcohol there were certainly options available.
0 however, when ice tea was requested the response was the company they contract with had not delivered it so there was no ice tea yet.
0 certainly picking up a few bags of cold brew tea at a grocery store could solve this until vendor delivers.
15 as to the food itself, the short ribs had good flavor however they were cold inside.
0 there was an navajo fry bread option that had lamb on it.
-15 the flavor of the lamb, although a tad bit salty was overall very good.
-15 the "fry bread" itself was inedible.
-15 it was nearly impossible to bite through and the taste was unpleasant.
12 of the three slightly bigger than silver dollar sized fry breads less than one of the actual bread parts was eaten.
-16 the meatballs were underwhelming and another ravioli/noodle dish looked so unappetizing as to not want to eat it.
0 the caesar salad was unremarkable and nothing about it wowed us.
-12 portion sizes were small when based on price.
0 the dishes almost seemed like appetizers rather than entreeshope this is just the issue that happens with a new opening and that they have success.
0 it is concerning though if they have been open for less than two weeks and are already trying new menu options.
11 the online menu was certainly appealing, the menu in the restaurant, had it been on line we never would have gone.
15 based on quantity and quality after we got done eating there we left and went out to eat.
0 do with the dakota success however based on tonight they have a ways to go before they will be ready for primetime.
0 great ambiance, absolutely love the decor, very inviting and comfortable.
0 the layout is great and not awkward when it's crowded.
4 went on a friday night, good crowd great group of people.
0 they have a great brunch went on a sunday and lots of tvs for game days!
0 they have a dj on sunday's too .
10 during the week they have a cute little coffee shop on the side for a quick coffee, pastry, and small snack that opens at 630 am.
11 great customer service easy to get a drink, definitely will be back!
0 i visited dakota on a saturday night and had good time dancing with friends.
-14 the place was very roomy, the dance floor is a decent size, the bouncers and bartenders were friendly, and the music was great.
0 i will definitely be back in the near future.
0 my only con is that there are not many placed to sit.
9 unless you reserve a table, it appears the patio is the only place to sit.
-10 so sllllloooowww.
0 ordered a fiesta plate,beef kalaguen, and a spam musubi.
-10 waited almost 50 minutes for it.
-10 so don't go when it's busy.
0 or order ahead.
-10 summary: long wait time.
0 skip the grilled meats and get the other items.
0 onto the plate: sub the salad if possible it's a throwaway and makes the fiesta plate feel like it's not worth the price.
0 can the red rice can be more red?
0 if eaten with the meats it gets lost.
0 and the meat just tastes like grilled meats.
-15 the beef and pork was tough.
15 chicken was the best.
15 the chicken kelaguen was good reminded me of larb.
15 but the best thing were the shrimp patties!
0 crispy outside and tender in the center.
15 beef kelaguen was nice (like beef ceviche) and one of the better things i had.
15 ordered it with yummy corn (+1$) titiya(tortilla) spam musubi was good but again would be better if the red rice was more spiced or however they make it.
0 tasted like any other musubi.i'm no expert in guam food but i didn't feel like i got a real taste of it from what i ordered.
0 red rice serves the best chicken kelaguen!
0 i am chamoru and grew up eating chamoru food and this place by far has the best chicken kelaguen i have ever had.
0 i ordered the grand opening plate which had 2 scoops of red rice, 1 scoop of chicken kelaguen, 1 lumpia, 1 shrimp patty, house salad (it was a choice between potato salad, grilled eggplant with coconut milk, or cucumber salad), bbq chicken, 1 bbq pork rib, bbq beef and a side of dipping sauce for the meat.
-15 the red rice was as it should be, orange-reddish color and not dry or too wet with a subtle flavor of achote which definitely complimented the other items on the plate.
15 the bbq chicken was my favorite out of all the bbq.
0 grilled eggplant with coconut milk was just like my mom used to make, creamy and somewhat smoky with a slight citrus twist.
0 i went to red rice for dinner during their grand opening and though there was a bit of a wait, it was understandable.
11 the service was great though.
-10 they apologized for the wait and even gave me 10% off my next visit which is a plus because i will be back.
2 the only con was the limited parking but i didn't mind walking over from the adjacent plaza.
0 red rice definitely does guam proud!
0 red rice knows chamorro food!
0 my fiance is from guam and she brought me back&we stayed for five years.
6 i fell in love with the culture, the family and the food.
0 one of the first things i looked for, when we moved back to vegas was a chamorro restaraunt&unfortunately there was nothing.
0 thankfully, right before we died from the lack of chamorro food, red rice opened up.
0 &this is a real chamorro joint.
15 you could feel the love in the food, see the pride in guam and smell home.
0 if you haven't been&you like good food, you need to go.
0 don't wait another second, give your body the deliciousness of what red rice has to offer!
0 we will be back... probably tmrw.
0 i was born & raised on guam so was so excited with all the hype of a guam restaurant opening up.
0 i ordered the fiesta plate which had a lil bit of the main dishes.
0 can you say sodium overdose?
0 was a lil disappointed to be honest because everything is just ok.
0 wasn't terrible but nothing great either.
0 it's different for vegas so i think they will do ok.
0 i'll leave it this way - i would go back only cuz they are the only guam restaurant in vegas and u need to get my guam food fix every now and then so it's good enough i guess.
0 as a person who have lots of chamorro friends,  they've been hyping the place up on facebook even before they opened.here's my two cents: food was great.
15 tasted very authentic and now there's a place i can go to when i'm craving some red rice and kelaguen.
15 the kimchee was also great!
0 but, i think that next time, i will just order for pick up.
0 maybe it was the fact that they just opened, but the room for sitting is very limited.
0 there's about 8 booths that seats 4 and one table for 6. there was 7 of us and someone had to sit in the car to eat.
0 yeah.... that wasn't too pleasant.
0 the wait for the food is about 15-20 minutes after ordering.
15 but the up side to that is that they make everything fresh.
0 aside from that, i really have no complaints when it came to the quality and taste of the food.
0 my niece and sister loved the lumpia (egg rolls) and i also liked it and the shrimp patty is also an honorable mention.
0 perhaps they might expand, which i hope they do.
0 they are garnering alot of attention in the islander community.
0 and i wish them the best.
0 i hope that they become very successful!
0 i will definitely come back..for to go.
0 lol
0 mike is a mobile phone repair service, and came to my house at my convenience...on a sunday even!
0 my phone screen was shattered pretty badly, and within 10 minutes, mike has me set up with a new screen and tempered glass protector!
13 friendly, fast, and affordable.
11 i am big on great customer service, and mike is 5 stars all around!
6 thank you and i will be recommending him to family and friends!
10 fast efficient service.
10 mike is fast and reliable.
0 i have used him for my ipad mini and my iphone 5 and within an hour of calling i had new working screens
0 mike has helped my husband and i multiple times with our iphone screen crack incidents.
10 he comes to wherever we are and is super fast!
13 hi prices are very reasonable too!!
11 we highly recommend him for all your iphone mishaps!
11 mike is excellent!
0 after i contacted him, he came over to fix my cracked iphone 5s screen the very next day.
13 his prices are the most reasonable in town, and he makes sure he does it absolutely right.
0 the overall process was very fast (under 20 minutes from start to finish).
7 i felt very safe having him in my home, and it was a very friendly business transaction.
11 i 100% recommend this repair service over the others in town!
11 what great service!!
10 mike came right to my house and had my screen fixed in just 5 short minutes!!
11 not only was the service great, he was super friendly and very informative!!
0 i also purchased a tempered glass cover for my phone that he installed.
10 faster, easier,  and less expensive than you would spend at verizon or apple!
0 revamped buffet at excalibur!
0 i really really liked the changes.
15 new decor, kiosk queuing,  attentive staff, and great food choices.
13 it's no wynn, but the quality is a lot better than it was before.the price is right on point!
0 my family and i decided to go here for our last dinner in vegas and we were intrigued by buffet renovation.
0 the new interior design is fresh, modern, and way more appealing than the old buffet.
0 they even ditched the old "round table buffet" name for "the buffet at excalibur."
0 the inside is pretty nice and the layout is basically just a straight line of stations where you can get food from standard buffet cuisines including the asian, italian, latin, a carvery (has various cuts of meats), salads, seafood, and there is even a bar!
0 the desserts station is located near the entrance so you can't miss it.the food selection was decent, but i was able to see everything within 2 rounds of getting food.
15 the seafood selection is nice since there are shrimps, crawfish, and crab legs.
0 one thing to note is that the shrimp is not fully peeled for you unlike in some other buffets.
-15 the seafood paella is also hard to eat because the shrimp still has the shell and head!
0 their sushi selection consists of california rolls with or without masago, vegetable rolls, and i think there was spicy tuna.
0 the sushi was above average compared to other buffets.
0 high lights i found were the salmon, crab legs, and the made to order crepes from the dessert station.
0 you can get nutella, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, pineapples, and powdered sugar along with your crepe!
0 the only downer is that the crepe is not as crispy as i would like it, but that's not a deal breaker for me.
0 you can also get your crab legs steamed, but there is generally a line for that so just be warned.
0 there is a bar station located and you can get free champagne and mimosas along with your meal.
0 all the other drinks will cost you additional money.
0 overall, i'd say you guys should give this place a try if you like going to buffets.
0 it isn't the best, but it also isn't the worse.
0 and believe me, it is much better than what it used to be.
0 buffet was recently open after renovation so my husband and i are thinking it should be pretty good....wrong.
0 we arrived at 8:30 am for what we thought was a saturday brunch offering champs, nope.
0 price is $21.95 but on monday - friday is $18.95...same food so why the increase?
0 i can go to the fiesta in henderson with champs and better food for $8.99 sat/sun but we wanted to try something we thought was going to be an upgrade....lol what a joke.
-15 food: everything i tried looked and tasted like food was leftover from the day before and reheated.
-15 shrimps were all water logged, the crab legs had a brownish color to them with an odd taste.
0 pastries none..all offerings were donuts.
0 they did have a fresh crepe bar, but then again looked very dry.
0 i didn't want to stand on line for crepe paper.
0 overall i'm rating this one star because i have no choice.
0 honestly i expected much much more out of a las vegas buffet.
0 went here in nye and it was 10 more dollars than usual.
0 not worth it as a vegetarian.
0 there were only a handful of veggie options.
0 i would havw appreciated beans in the latino section.
0 news flash excalibur buffet, good food is a lot more than just meat.
15 i will have to commend the tasty cheese ravioli.
0 the desert bar was amazing.
0 they even had a sugar free section and some of the options including the carrot cake were better!
-11 having moved 15 times and having been referred to classic delivery- what a nightmare.
-11 very unprofessional and s l o w!!!!!!!
0 a move that should have taken no more than 6 hours stretched out to 10 hours.
-11 the movers seemed to be strickly out of prison....just a total horrible experience.
-11 would definately not recommend.
0 we had the best experience.
11 the movers were super polite and friendly.
11 the service impeccable.
13 the cost reasonable.
0 the truck was well equipped , everything was wrapped in plastic then wrapped in blankets.
0 there wasn't a mark on anything.
0 i cannot stress how impressed we were.
0 i give them my highest rating , they do book out about a week in advance so don't hesitate to call.
0 65 per hour.
7 as apart of our daily business, we value the workmanship of an excellent moving company.
0 we can always count on the guys to take care of our customers and their items.
0 they are always prepared and extremely knowledgeable when it comes to moving the largest items in the tightest spaces!
0 whether or not the item is arriving to our store or being delivered to the buyer it is always wrapped for protection and safely stored on their truck for transport.
-13 we consistently recommend them daily and every time our customers come back letting us now how amazing their experience was!
0 a man came to the house to estimate.
0 he gave me a card without a persons name on it (?)
0 he said he recommended a large truck with three men.
0 that is what was sent.very nice men, contract employees, not employees of the company - but very nice.they said they couldn't get all of our things in one truck and suggested they call for another truck.
0 we declined at  that due to the additional cost.
0 we had to make three additional trips with our vehicle and still leave several items in storage.a call to the office offered no help.
11 scottsdale beer company has only been open 2 days and the food and service were fantastic !!!!!
0 great new local hangout!!
0 didn't try the beer but it looked like they new what they were doing!
15 just found my new favorite hang out.
11 this place has it all, good service, great beer selection, tvs all over the place, killer food menu, even the house music is on point.
0 we will be visiting this place regularly.
0 official opening is about a month away.
0 however, we stopped in on saturday for a beer and wings.
0 both were awesome.
0 the menu looks great and the inside is very cool.
0 we will definitely add this to our list of regular places.
0 came in after shopping at neighbor pier 1 imports and found i arrived in time for happy hour-- 3p- 7p mon to fri, 11a to 4p weekend; $1 off sbc beers, well drinks, and wines by the glass, and a $1 off apps and snacks.tried a few samples of an sbc pale ale, and a couple of guest hefeweizens, and settled on a very tasty pint of sleepy dog brewing parched pooch!
15 this tasted even better when paired with the bacon and cheddar tots-- three hand-rolled tater tots, which came with truffled sour cream.
15 it was like biting into fried balls of mashed potatoes-- delicious, and quite fun!
0 tasted great with, or without the truffled cream.
0 (i woke up in a lot of pain, though, due to the truffle oil addition, as well as the inflammatory white potato ingredient.
0 )breads are currently supplied by wildflower bread co., but i'm told that sbc intends to bake its own bread recipes within three months' time.
0 i wanted to try the sticky toffee pudding bread pudding, but the kitchen staff did not know if the shamrock farms- supplied ice cream is corn syrup-free.
0 maybe the chef can whip up some creme anglaise, or a creme fraiche to top it with next time?a sweet service industry discount is available- tell your friends!
0 i know i will, and next time, i'll take a tour of the brewery, and i hear there will be free samples!
0 this new brew pub has just opened in our neighborhood, so we thought we'd give it a try.
11 friendly knowledgeable staff, great pale ale, and good food.
0 our daughter had the pulled pork sandwich.
-15 she said the meat was tender, and it was served with cole slaw in the sandwich (the way it should be).
15 i enjoyed the grilled bacon wrapped meatloaf with mashed potatoes,  green beans and sauteed mushrooms.
15 delicious!
15 my husband enjoyed his fish n chips, made with walleye pike.
0 the chef is from the midwest, and he suggested the pike instead of the usual cod.
0 another hit!
0 it is rare that we try a new place and all of us get something we love, but scottsdale beer company  did it.
0 our waiter talked us into trying a desert of sticky toffee-pumpkin pudding.
0 omg.
0 the three of us shared it.
0 three thumbs up!
0 we will be back often.
0 a very welcome addition to central scottsdale, scottsdale beer company so far has proven to be awesome!i've been there twice since their soft opening on january 3, and i must say i am very impressed.to put it this way, with independent restaurants that have no existing brand or footprint to have as support, it is up to the owner/developer to create something that works, and that won't fall victim to the statistic of the ever-so-prevalent failed restaurants/bars.
0 i think the owners/developers of scottsdale beer company have it right, and i wish them much success.
0 when trying out new restaurants over the years, i can tell that sometimes it takes a good amount of time for many places to smooth out the wrinkles and overcome the glitches that can inevitably happen with a new operation.well, after these two visits, my experience was absolutely stellar from start to finish.
0 i have no criticism whatsoever!
11 overall, i found scottsdale beer company to......have excellent, attentive service from every employee encountered.
-13 and it wasn't just solid service - everyone went above and beyond to see that the food, drinks, and overall experience was top notch.
15 you could tell that not only did they hire the right people, that they must have been well-trained to really care about their customers....have very tasty food!
15 the fish and chips were amazing, the blackened fish sandwich scrumptious, and the desserts very good.
15 my friends seemed to really enjoy their selections too.
15 extra points for very nice presentation too, with nice dinnerware, etc....good beer!
15 granted, their brewery is not at full speed ahead yet, but their guest beers were really nice choices for all tastes.
0 in most bars around the area, it seems ipas predominate the "craft beer" taps.
0 nothing against ipas, but they are not my personal favorites.
0 i tend to gravitate toward belgian-style beers, porters, stouts, bocks, etc.
0 in their guest beer list (which changes daily), they had a really nice belgian quad and russian imperial porter, both of which were top notch....a really nice atmosphere.
0 it is apparent from all the tvs throughout, that this would be a great place to watch a game.
0 additionally, even if it were packed, there is enough spaced to where it wouldn't feel crowded.
0 the decor has clean lines and feels urban and industrial, which i like.
0 there was even an artist there chalking up nice designs on their really large chalkboards.
0 nice music in the background, but just at the right volume to where everyone can still hear each other.
11 on nice 75 degree days like today, i would guess the "garage door" style windows they had lining one wall to the outdoor patio could really make the place have an amazing open, airy feel to take advantage of the great scottsdale weather....was impeccably clean.
0 granted, it is brand new, but sometimes that doesn't mean anything to some restaurants.
0 the bathrooms were super clean, as well as everywhere else.bottom line, it is not only apparent that the owners here seem to really care about hopefully turning this place into a cash cow success, but they also really seem to care about delivering a fantastic experience to their patrons on all levels (which is the key to that cash cow success!
0 ).i hope that they can keep consistency, and that many subsequent reviews from other yelpers can exclaim about a great time as well!
0 best wishes to scottsdale beer company.
0 i look forward to returning!
0 my first thoughts when i walked in were "wow this a nice big attractive place".
0 the large bar is right in front and has seating and tvs all around which i like.
0 there are plenty of high and low tables and a nice outside patio.
0 with the doors rolled up you get a lot of fresh air when you're sitting inside and i love the big glass windows that look into the brewing area.i sat at the bar and didn't see a list of beers anywhere and a lot of the taps aren't marked even if you can see that far.
0 the waitress rattled off the beers but c'mon a real beer geek wants to see the details on the brewer, style, abv and ibu's.
0 it wasn't until later in the evening when they printed up a list that i could see everything they carried including a couple that the bartender didn't mention.i tried their pale ale and thought it was just ok.
0 the flavors were a little muted and i'd love a little more citrus and pine flavor.
0 i ended up drinking an avery dugana and a bell's two-hearted which were great.for happy hour my friend and i shared the hummus plate and a burger.
-15 the white bean hummus was good but the flatbread was really tough to chew.
0 the burger was ok as was the mac and cheese side.
15 the mac and cheese would have been better if they added something like bread crumbs on top and then browned it to give it some crunch.i'll be interested to try some of their other beers.
0 arizona wilderness and fate brewing down the road are doing a great job with their own creations.
0 it will be interesting to see if sbc can gather a following for their beers or just be another place to grab a craft beer on a rotating handle with average food.
0 this is your restaurant for cuban, puerto rican with a hint of argentina and italian.
0 it's amazing.
0 think of tapas that really is larger plates than traditional tapas.
0 the menu is quite large and has many healthy item also.
0 i can't say enough about latinfish.
0 the staff is friendly and the chef came out to greet us.
15 everything is made fresh.
15 best hidden secret in vegas..... great selection.... totally recommend!!!
15 chef beni is worth the visit!
-15 really disappointing.
-15 either the place was having a really off night (which you absolutely cannot have when you first open) or its just not good food.
0 let me start with one thing... we are not picky people.
0 we honeslty are not one of these couples that send things back.
0 we are the type like most who will just accept the bad food as a bad choice and eat something when we get home :)started with drinks... my girlfriend (who is cuban) said the sangria was undrinkable.
0 we sent it back - trust me - when it comes to alcohol we are never picky.
0 if it gets you buzzed - it works.
0 lol she couldnt even drink it.
0 had to settle for a beer - of which her glass smelled like a wet rag.
0 she was too embarrassed to say anything because we had just sent back the sangriawe ordered 4 things - some tapas and a margarita pizza to share.so - let me also say the place was empty.. only 3 tables were being used.
0 probably bc that have done such a bad job letting people know its now open for business after many delays.
0 the place is really nice.
0 we walked in and were excited.
0 looks like a very cool fun place to eat.
-15 but the food was all a disappointment.
0 they didnt have any platanos.
0 so they had to cancel that (but still charged us for it on the final bill).
0 the battered cod tapas were so salty they become almost inedible.
0 she had a half of one and i choked down a couple more bc i was starving.
-15 but it was waaay too salty to be served in a restaurant.
0 the pizza had potential - but the crust was odd.. we were joking that it looked almost like a wonton.
0 i dont know if it was old or supposed to be like that - but it was hard.
0 really hard.
-15 didnt taste fresh.
0 again - i ate it because i was starving.
0 she ordered the stuffed peppers tapas.
-15 also - very strange texture and taste.
0 she ate half of one.. i stopped after a small taste.
0 i know they are new - and i personally think they are having a hard time managing fresh food until crowds start coming in.
0 we also got a kick out of the food being so bad and the chef outside shmoozing with the other two tables (which were obviously friends and family which made us the only real customers) instead of being in the kitchen.
-15 maybe if the chef spent more time in the kitchen and not on the floor the food will taste better.its a shame.
0 i live across the street and was looking for this place to be a goto place like garfields was.
0 perhaps i will try it again in the future.
0 but someone will have to drag me.
0 i write this in hopes the people at latin fish read this and work out all their kinks.
0 id like them to succeed i think the place has a lot of potential to be a great hang out.
0 i had a really great time at this event.
0 i have been a fan of "i love lucy" since elementary school.
0 this show did not disappoint!
0 the costumes were amazing, spot on!
0 the performances really captures the characters on the show.
0 i have never seen a show like this one, it was so unique.
0 i would highly recommend it!
0 i love lucy!
0 indeed.
0 and ricky too!
0 what a delightful start to the year 2015!
0 i feel like i've been transported part to the early 1940s and totally enjoyed the joyfulness and lightheartedness of the crew!
0 having grown up outside of the u.s., this is my first exposure to lucy.
0 i thoroughly enjoyed the broadway show, even without the prior knowledge of lucy!
0 i love songs, jokes and dancing; and i love lucy incorporated all of those with the cute bickering couple lucy and ricky.
0 i also really enjoyed the interaction by the cast with audience!
0 especially the quiz where they actually brought on a live audience and she won a huge goodie bag!!
0 although she did have to suffer through some poking fun by the host.
0 also, the backup singers did an amazing job of live commercials.
0 really entertaining with their dance moves and jingles.
0 thank you corey for sharing this wonderful show with us!
0 it was a brilliant start to the new year!
0 for sure!
0 had a great time!
0 thanks yelp for another great night at the overture!the show offered a little bit of everything.
0 good humor, dancing and...lucy!
0 i really enjoyed the commercial breaks, thought those were nicely peppered in there.
0 not everything was perfect, but overall a great production of i love lucy.
0 if you are a fan of the show, i would absolutely recommend going!
0 "luuuuuucy!
0 you have some 'splanin to do!!"
0 i did not know what to expect from the show.
0 i managed to convince the fiance to tag along.
0 he was much less excited than i, especially since it meant walking in the frigid weather from the parking garage.fast forward:  the set and play was designed around the i love lucy show being filmed in hollywood, movable cameras and all.
0 they had two "tapings" with commercials and all!
0 audience interaction was a plus.
0 i totally busted out laughing a few times...fiance even laughed several times!
0 immediately after the show, we both texted our parents to see if they would have the chance to go.
0 the show put both of us in happy, go-lucky land for the rest of the night!the show would be entertaining for lucy lovers and young, entertainment-goers unfamiliar with the lucy history, alike!
6 great for families and appropriate for the young ones.
0 i loved this show!
0 but then i grew up with this show and with all of the ads and jingles too.
0 if you can sing the chevrolet theme song you will also love this show.great singing, costumes and acting.
0 thea was a fantastic lucy and the actor who played desi arnaz was also wonderful.the action revolves around being in the live tv audience as they filmed two of the episodes in 1952. the mc had the super energy and all of the cast was professional grade.
0 (not always available in madison, sorry to say)do you remember brylcreem?
0 go see this show!!
0 laugh!
0 this is a bright spot in a dark and cold wisconsin winter!
0 !thanks to corey d for getting the theater-loving yeeps some ticks.
0 back in the day when there were only a few channels to chose from, i used to watch reruns of i love lucy.
0 i, of course, remember the tradermark lucy's bawling and ricky shouting for an explanation and it was fun to see if on stage.
0 the show's theme was based around shooting 2 episodes of i love lucy and the us (the audience) was the live studio audience they would be taping in front of.the show is definitely geared towards the i love lucy aficionados but i feel everyone would enjoy it.
0 costumes were spot on as well as the vernacular that was used.hats off, as well, the the beautiful space the held the show.
0 i haven't been to the capitol theater and forgot how absolutely beautiful it is.
0 i am a sucker for old playhouses and this one, built in 1928, has been restored and was a perfect setting for a great night.
0 if you've never seen  i love lucy (and apparently some of you youngin's never have) get on the interweb and check 'em out before you go.
0 i used to watch this show (not re-runs) when i was a wee one.
0 lucille ball was the most important and influential female comedian of the 20th century.
0 the i love lucy show was ground breaking television.
0 a 'mixed' couple (white and latino) living the american dream.
0 desilu productions became a hollywood powerhouse going on to produce other tv shows like mission: impossible, mannix, and star trek.but, on to the show.
0 thea brooks was awesome as lucy.
0 she had the voice, the physical humor down pat.
0 while the balance was a bit off on the some of the ensemble vocal numbers, they'll get that fixed pretty quick, the ricky ricardo actor was pretty great too.